{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-45-18-october-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Agenda 45</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 44 (Alistair/Steve)</li>\n<li>Plans for ICAT 4.3 (Tom)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.3 for DLS (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.3 for ISIS (Tom)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for CLF (Alistair)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Attendance 45</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NB</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JS</td>\n<td>Julian Savoyet</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Jamie Hall</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JD</td>\n<td>Juergen Stark</td>\n<td>DESY</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Notes 45</h3>\n<p>There was was an excellent attendance at the meeting with Juergen, Jamie\nand Julian attending for the first time.</p>\n<p>The CRISP project has written a deliverable comparing meta data catalogs\nand selected ICAT as the preferred catalog.</p>\n<p>Tom was absent, so discussion of icat 4.3 was deferred.</p>\n<p>Pandata is planning a series of monthly service verifications, with sv-0\nplanned for 9 November 2012.</p>\n<p>ESRF proposes the following changes for icat 4.3:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Add a property to icat.properties to deploy to http rather than\nhttp;</li>\n</ul>\n<!-- end list -->\n<ul>\n<li>Add additional properties to auth_ldap.properties to support\ndeployment at ESRF;</li>\n</ul>\n<!-- end list -->\n<ul>\n<li>Change the installation scripts such as create.sh and\nglassfish.props to enhance support for domains other than domain1;</li>\n</ul>\n<!-- end list -->\n<ul>\n<li>Eliminate the need for the user to supply the authentication\nmechanism (ie db or ldap).</li>\n</ul>\n<p>The DLS deployment of 4.2 is making good progress and full deployment is\nplanned for the close-down period in January 2013.</p>\n<p>The ISIS deployment of 4.2 is making good progress and full deployment\nis planned for the close-down period in December 2012.</p>\n<p>The CLF deployment of 4.2 is making good progress and full deployment is\nplanned for November 2012.</p>\n<p>It was noted that the 1st of November is a public holiday in both France\nand Italy so attendance will be reduced for the meeting on that\nday.</p>\n<h3>Actions 45</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.01</td>\n<td>Add a page to the wiki with an index to contrib</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.02</td>\n<td>Publish the ER diagrams for icat 4.1 and 4.2 to contrib</td>\n<td>NB</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.03</td>\n<td>Send an email to Christian about his web service web site</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.04</td>\n<td>Put a link into the wiki to the site of Christian</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.05</td>\n<td>Discuss the changes proposed by ESRF</td>\n<td>SF/AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>45.06</td>\n<td>Arrange next meeting on 1 November, but it is a holiday in France and Italy</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 45 – 18 October 2012","date":"2012-10-18T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-45-18-october-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}