{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2026-meetings/20260129-meeting/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendance</h2>\n<p>Attendees:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf Krahl</li>\n<li>Andy Gotz</li>\n<li>Louise Davies</li>\n<li>Kevin Phipps</li>\n<li>Patrick Austin</li>\n<li>Santhosh Anandarama</li>\n<li>Silvia Sottini</li>\n<li>Alan Kyffin</li>\n<li>Antony Wilson</li>\n<li>Gabriel Preuß</li>\n<li>Nadine Fischer</li>\n<li>Rodrigo Cabezas Quirós</li>\n<li>Marc Armenter</li>\n<li>Marjolaine Bodin</li>\n<li>Malik AlMohammad</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Agenda</h2>\n<h2>ICAT F2F 10th-11th Feb</h2>\n<p>Kevin running through some informational slides, e.g. attendees, agenda</p>\n<p>AG: Will there be remote participation? Could be useful for those who can't make it. Put in an OWL?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>KP: There is VC in the room. Will try to set it up. Magic may be required.</li>\n<li>AG: Could bring an OWL from ESRF, we have 30 of them.</li>\n<li>KP: Should work and we have Teams.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>AG: Can I skip the tours and meet with others on site?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>LD/KP: Someone will have to meet you so that you're not \"unattended\". But don't wander off.</li>\n<li>AG: Wanted to meet with Paul Quinn.</li>\n<li>AW: If necessary I can jump in the transport and bring you to Paul.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>AG: identify areas we can collaborate around ICAT/common areas closely related to ICAT - topic for discussion</p>\n<p> </p>\n<p>MA: updates to travel. Visa issues for me, resubmitting but hoping to be able to attend. Salman has visa. Didn't provide presentations due to these issues</p>\n<p>KP: will Salman come even if you don't get visa? keep me updated on whether you're able to attend</p>\n<p>MA: need to confirm, but will keep you updated</p>\n<p>KP: do you have things you want to present?</p>\n<p>MA: yes, 10 mins for me 10 mins for Salman</p>\n<p> </p>\n<p>Site tours will be for non-STFC/DLS staff only. DLS/STFC staff can stay at cosener's if they'd like.</p>\n<p> </p>\n<p>AG: Check-in on Monday - we just rock up?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>KP: Yes, it's just a hotel.</li>\n<li>LD: Provide name.</li>\n<li>AG: What if we're running late? Will there be someone there? Should we inform them?</li>\n<li>LD: Not 24 hours reception. I think it does shut at some point. After, probably 10ish... they have a bar so probably somewhere around late. Maybe you have to ring someone. If you have checked in, there's an intercom for door access after hours. Don't think there's contactless check in. May be a time limit outside of extenuating circumstances.</li>\n<li>KP: To follow up and send email round.</li>\n<li>AW: Bar open until 11pm, so should be people around until then.</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<h3>SESAME</h3>\n<p>Working fine, instrument sciences &#x26; users only using portal to transfer data. No other updates</p>\n<h3>HZB</h3>\n<p>Not too much to report. Moving to new servers, previous issue resolved but still in progress.</p>\n<h3>ESRF</h3>\n<p>Still working with structural biology group to integrate new techniques. Working with tomography beamlines to improve UI in dataportal.\nImproving comms on how to cite data.\nPaN-finder update but will present as part of F2F</p>\n<p>More and more biologists using ICAT not ISPyB</p>\n<p>KP: Has that gone OK? Now there's no ISPyB?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>AG: Still feed it with the metadata, but less are using it. Come March will send Samples to ICAT instead. Not decided when to turn of ISPyB, but the number using just ICAT is growing. Didn't want to have a big bang and break it, so approaching it gradually.</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>ISIS</h3>\n<p>Servers on VMWare, need to migrate to ProxMox. Dev servers going to the cloud.</p>\n<p>OAI-PMH queries slow - investigating.</p>\n<h3>DLS</h3>\n<p>Silvia has joined DLS.</p>\n<p>Working on integrating DOIs for DLS. Minting DOIs for visits as they happen, and user selecting data and generating DOIs for them. Just deployed to preprod, testing.</p>\n<h3>ALBA</h3>\n<p>Still working on ingestion system - testing right now.</p>\n<h2>Component Updates</h2>\n<h3>icat.server</h3>\n<p>RK: Published 6.2 last year, didn't publish corresponding icat.client.</p>\n<p>AK: will do</p>\n<p> </p>\n<p>RK: working on ICAT 7 schema changes. Could generate a ICAT 7 snapshot. Not yet final. 2 schema changes. Sample Types &#x26; sample &#x3C;-> Investigation relation. Can't test Oracle upgrade code - can someone test/review? Change to sample investigation relation likely broke lucene indexing.</p>\n<p>KP: let us know if you need help/info on lucene stuff</p>\n<p>RK: needs to be reviewed by Patrick.</p>\n<p>PA: depends on what it is, could be more complex or relatively easier</p>\n<p>RK: removed investigation -> sample, would need to account for the new in between relation.</p>\n<p>PA: would upgrade it, but Alan's (unpresented) search changes may change things. Can chat @ F2F</p>\n<p>RK: ICAT 7 - would need corresponding icat.client snapshot to be able to run tests</p>\n<h3>python-icat</h3>\n<p>1.7 - minor update, mostly accommodating 6.2 schema</p>\n<h2>AOB</h2>\n<p>See F2F discussion above</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 29th January 2026","date":"2026-01-29T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2026-meetings/20260129-meeting/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}