{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2019-meetings/meeting-126-25th-april-2019/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendees:</h2>\n<p>Stuart, Chris P,  Brian R. Sylvie, Rolf, Alex</p>\n<h2>Apologies:</h2>\n<p>Andy G.  Louise, George on leave.</p>\n<p>Stuart: could we replace Hangouts with BlueJeans / Zoom stuff, and our\r\nVC stuff?</p>\n<p>Rolf: will switch to HZB’s videoconf rooms – pressure not to use\r\nHangouts (too)!</p>\n<p>Alex: would need to book VC room, but could do.  Stuart says BlueJeans /\r\nZoom can be used on a laptop.</p>\n<h2>Component releases:</h2>\n<h3>ICAT Server (Stuart):</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Nothing to report</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Topcat (Brian):</h3>\n<p>Topcat new snapshot (yesterday):</p>\n<ul>\n<li>console warning if wait for plugins starts to get long</li>\n<li>Add optional preamble HTML to login page, defined in lang.json\r\n(issue #415)</li>\n<li>Add showAsButton to authenticator configuration (in topcat.json) to\r\ngive an authenticator its own login button (issue #418)</li>\n<li>Add extraLoginButtons to facility configuration (in topcat.json)\r\n(issue #419)</li>\n<li>Remove DOI and some login redirections from browser history (issue\r\n#424)</li>\n<li>Replace hard-wired entity inclusions in metatabs with calculated\r\ninclusions (issue #405)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>The login/authenticator configuration changes were motivated by ISIS\r\nrequirements, largely concerning users coming to Topcat from DOI landing\r\npages, who were finding the login page confusing; so more text needed,\r\nand separate buttons for anonymous login and for registration with the\r\nISIS User Office); also, redirections within Topcat were making it\r\nimpossible for them to get back to the DOI landing page by using their\r\nbrowser’s Back button.</p>\n<h3>IDS Server (Rolf):</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Last week released plugin and storage-file; have discussed changes\r\nadditional log call main storage; have sent instructions for plugin\r\nauthors.</li>\n<li>New call only from upcoming version of ids server; so only update\r\nplugin then.</li>\n<li>Mostly ready to release ids server; debate today, release tomorrow.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Stuart summarised the issue: behaviour of current IDS – when restoring\r\ndataset level, if a file is missing, can cause an exception in the\r\nplugin. Rolf would like IDS to throw an exception; but Alex relies on\r\ncurrent behaviour where it continues to restore data from the zipfile.\r\nStuart suggests a compromise of making the strict behaviour the default\r\nbut configurable.  Rolf: this may not work. If ICAT is not consistent\r\nwith storage, IDS will not work. Many other places where this can\r\nhappen. Risk of downloading a corrupt zipfile.</p>\n<p>Stuart: how does it work for Alex at present?</p>\n<p>Rolf: it will restore with ids 1.9.0 but zipfile will be corrupt. Alex:\r\nimpression was it was working fine; but it doesn’t. Test yesterday\r\nproduced an error. So it may never have worked [after all].</p>\n<p>Rolf: new behaviour would throw an error, so DSRestorer would stop.</p>\n<p>Stuart: is this reported back to the user?</p>\n<p>Rolf: nothing happens: the file does not restore, and so [sits at\r\nRestoring…?]</p>\n<p>Alex would like to test again.  Consider adding [expected] location as\r\nnew datafile parameter, but will have to be added to every datafile.</p>\n<p>Stuart: suggest Alex tests again tomorrow, if still fails, let Rolf\r\ncontinue with his pull request, as it won’t make any difference to what\r\nAlex sees.</p>\n<p>Rolf: consider visit Grenoble to discuss further.</p>\n<h2>Site reports</h2>\n<h3>ISIS</h3>\n<p>Stuart: nothing from ISIS (via George)</p>\n<h3>Diamond</h3>\n<p>Chris: no real changes in last few weeks. Interested in progressing\r\ndiscussions on IDS improvements, including new hardware.</p>\n<p>Stuart: Rolf suggested using hard links, and that looks like a good\r\nsolution – one-line change to code, so trying it.  Considering a larger\r\nchange to the tidier process, perhaps use it to point to the area where\r\nwe create these links, and use it to clean them up. More thought needed.</p>\n<p>Rolf: can’t use current tidier to do this.</p>\n<p>Stuart: ? separate tidier to manage links? Delete old files, or delete\r\nfiles until some threshold is reached.</p>\n<h3>HZB</h3>\n<p>Rolf: upgraded production to 4.10, and it works.  Also tried using\r\nschema changes, successfully.</p>\n<p>Chris: DLS still to decide 4.9.3 vs. 4.10 – may not need schema changes.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 126 – 25th April 2019","date":"2019-04-25T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2019-meetings/meeting-126-25th-april-2019/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}