{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-34-5-april-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Agenda 34</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 20 March (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Availability of Topcat40 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data meeting (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>Schema changes – the end is in sight? (Steve)</li>\n<li>Mailing lists (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Open ticket review (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Work packages (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Digital certificate on <a href=\"http://www.icatproject.org\">www.icatproject.org</a> and other common ICAT\ndeployments</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Alistair)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Priorities</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Actions 34</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.01</td>\n<td>Try Topcat40 and provide feedback to Harjinder</td>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.02</td>\n<td>Contact Christian Felder about his work on web services python interface</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.04</td>\n<td>Try Ghita’s plugin for Eclipse</td>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.05</td>\n<td>Chase people for feedback on sample type and sample</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.06</td>\n<td>Try to get a RC for ICAT 4.1 available by 19/4/2012</td>\n<td>AM/HC</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.07</td>\n<td>Add discussion of Ghita’s plugin to next meeting</td>\n<td>AM/GDA</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>34.08</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>..</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 34</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Brian Matthews</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 34 – 5 April 2012","date":"2012-04-05T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-34-5-april-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}