{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-47-15-november-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 46 (Alistair/Steve)</li>\n<li>Plans for ICAT 4.3 and beyond (Tom)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for DLS (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for ISIS (Tom)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for CLF (Alistair)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Attendance 47</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Jamie Hall</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Brian Matthews</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>FB</td>\n<td>Frazer Barnsely</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Actions 47</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.01</td>\n<td>Send Shelly an email about the meeting in March</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.02</td>\n<td>Clarify ICAT licence</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td><a href=\"http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause\">http://opensource.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.03</td>\n<td>Notify people of IcatLegacyPolicy<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/IcatLegacyPolicy\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.04</td>\n<td>Clarify the data mining requirements</td>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.05</td>\n<td>Add more bootstrap information for developers to wikis and documentation</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Ticketed #86</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.06</td>\n<td>Ask Juergen to investigate deploying ICAT using Jboss</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.07</td>\n<td>Remove ICATCompat from icat 4.3</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Ticketed #87</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.08</td>\n<td>Update IcatRequirements<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/IcatRequirements\">?</a> based on the discussions in this meeting</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.09</td>\n<td>Do a prototype of machine generated documentation of the WS End Point</td>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Ticketed #88</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.10</td>\n<td>Investigate the ICAT class in Nexus</td>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>47.01</td>\n<td>Call next meeting on Thursday 29th November (NOT a public holiday in USA)</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 47</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Jamie Hall</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Brian Matthews</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>FB</td>\n<td>Frazer Barnsely</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 47 – 15 November 2012","date":"2012-11-15T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-47-15-november-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}