{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-112-21st-december-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Components</li>\n<li>Sites</li>\n<li>Previous Actions</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n<li>Next Meeting</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Attendees: Stuart Pullinger (SP); Brian Ritchie (BR); Rolf Krahl (RK);\nMilan (Milan); Andy Gotz (AG)</p>\n<h1>Components</h1>\n<h6>icat.server (SP)</h6>\n<p>Nothing to report</p>\n<h6>TopCat (BR)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Better error logging</li>\n<li>Instructions sent to ESRF on setting poll.delay setting to reduce\nwait on 2 ^(nd) downloads</li>\n<li>Treat HTTP the same as HTTPS for downloads in TopCat</li>\n<li>Improvements to testing and Travis-CI</li>\n</ul>\n<h6>IJP (BR)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Nothing new to report</li>\n<li>No release yet</li>\n<li>Possible new requirement for web interface</li>\n</ul>\n<h6>Python-Icat (RK)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Nothing to report</li>\n</ul>\n<h6>IDS (RK)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Aim for new release in January</li>\n<li>Filesystem locking: RK to open pull request in January</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Sites</h1>\n<h6>Diamond (SP)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Problems with Diamond’s infrastructure around ICAT. Not necessarily\nbugs/issues with ICAT.</li>\n<li>Problems with user account migration. Highlighted need for better\ndocumentation of this procedure and/or recommended best practices.</li>\n<li>Problems with failed or long data recalls.</li>\n</ul>\n<h6>ESRF (AG)</h6>\n<ul>\n<li>Assessing new requests from beamlines: for example, re-using a scan\nname from an aborted scan</li>\n<li>Working on a DOI landing page</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>AOB</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>RK reminded us of the RDA meeting in March with the 2-day meeting\nbefore 19 ^(th) /20 ^(th)</li>\n<li>AG: Infradev 4 – European Open Science Cloud involvement. Elettra\nare involved in the consortium. We should discuss in\nJanuary/February for possible ICAT effort.</li>\n<li>Milan: Elettra 2.0 confirmed: 6 years funding.</li>\n<li>RK: we need a plan for taking forward Steve’s suggestions from the\nFace to Face meeting</li>\n<li>SP: A meeting will be arranged in January to allocate tasks and set\npriorities for development of ICAT components</li>\n<li>AG: We need to quantify the limitations experienced by Diamond in\naccessing large tables of metadata.</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>112.1</td>\n<td>Grant RK access to github repository</td>\n<td>Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 112 – 21st December 2017","date":"2017-12-02T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-112-21st-december-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}