content/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/index.md, before:

---
title: Monthly Meetings
---

These are normally held on the fourth Thursday of the month at 15:00 UK
time.

We  hold meetings using Google Hangout technology. This is supported
well on Chrome on Windows and on some releases of Linux.  It is also
well supported on Android and on Apple devices. To set it up you should:

- Create a Google account if you don't already have one -- this does
  not require that you have a gmail account.
  (<https://accounts.google.com/signupwithoutgmail>)
- Tell <dr.s.m.fisher@gmail.com> one of the email addresses associated
  with your Google account and ask to be added to the ICAT hangout.
- If you are logged in to your Google account then you should receive
  a message when the meeting starts, if you are late you should be
  able to find the meeting and connect to it.

You might be asked to install a plugin when you join a  hangout for the
first time. More information can be found
at <http://www.google.com/hangouts/> If in doubt please
contact <dr.s.m.fisher@gmail.com>

Records of the meetings are grouped by year:

- [up to May 2014](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/up-to-may-2014/)
- [from June 2014 ](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/ "2014 Meetings")
- [2015](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/ "2015 Meetings")
- [2016](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/ "2016 Meetings")
- [2017](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/ "2017 Meetings")
- [2018](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/ "2018 Meetings")
- [2019](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2019-meetings/ "2019 Meetings")
- [2023](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/ "2023 Meetings")

Commit message:

Update montly meetings index with 2024 link and updated meeting instructions

content/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/index.md, after:

---
title: Monthly Meetings
---

These are normally held on the last Thursday of the month at 13:30 UK time.

We hold meetings using Zoom, you can join either via a Zoom client or via a browser. To join a meeting you should email someone active from the icatgroup google mailing list - they can share the meeting link and reminders for the meetings are usually posted on the mailing list.

Records of the meetings are grouped by year:

- [up to May 2014](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/up-to-may-2014/)
- [from June 2014 ](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/ "2014 Meetings")
- [2015](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/ "2015 Meetings")
- [2016](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/ "2016 Meetings")
- [2017](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/ "2017 Meetings")
- [2018](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/ "2018 Meetings")
- [2019](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2019-meetings/ "2019 Meetings")
- [2023](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/ "2023 Meetings")
- [2024](/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2024-meetings/ "2024 Meetings")
