{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20230928-meeting/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendance</h2>\n<p>Attendees:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Patrick</li>\n<li>Andy</li>\n<li>Rolf</li>\n<li>Louise</li>\n<li>Viktor</li>\n<li>Kirsty</li>\n<li>Alan</li>\n<li>Alex</li>\n<li>Allan</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies:</p>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<h3>ESRF:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Working on the MX use cases\n<ul>\n<li>Deployed for some months, with ongoing testing</li>\n<li>Contact friendly users next week</li>\n<li>In a better position that ispyb</li>\n<li>Room for improvement, possibility to add features beyond ispyb</li>\n<li>Rolf: Our MX group does not have ispyb, plans to use it, would be nice to use the ESRF methods out of the box\n<ul>\n<li>Private meeting to discuss? Will need to contact the group</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>ispyb meeting at the end of November</li>\n<li>Performance was a worry but actually is not bad</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues with downloading files of ~2GB via HTTP?\n<ul>\n<li>DLS have had people attempting ~TB, but expect these to fail</li>\n<li>Rolf has had issues, but it was the clientside network (i.e. failed at home, succeeded at office)\n<ul>\n<li>Alex also has these difficulties from home</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>ESRF IT thinks it could be IDS config - could be a limit?</li>\n<li>Louise to test on an ISIS file as that's 1 level storage</li>\n<li>ESRF have GLOBUS, but majority of open data is not visible on GLOBUS via file permissions so is not suitable</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>HZB:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT still offline, unknown when it will come up</li>\n<li>Internal Gitlab is back online</li>\n<li>Lots of upcoming project meetings</li>\n<li>ICAT components pending release will probably not be until November\n<ul>\n<li>DLS using ICAT6 but are and can continue to use SNAPSHOTs</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>ALBA:</h3>\n<p>No attendees</p>\n<h3>Sirius:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Tried data ingest</li>\n<li>Sample tracking meeting: perhaps try another week\n<ul>\n<li>Want ESRF to participate but Alex isn't available, clashes with ICALEPCS</li>\n<li>Going to send another poll</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>ISIS:</h3>\n<p>No news</p>\n<h3>DLS:</h3>\n<p>Still concerns about performance in the DB from Payara6 change</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Request duplication fix in DG</li>\n<li>Update Oracle drivers to auto</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Component Updates</h2>\n<h3>icat.server</h3>\n<h3>ids.server</h3>\n<h3>authn.oidc &#x26; icat.oaipmh</h3>\n<h3>DataGateway</h3>\n<h3>icat-doi-api</h3>\n<h3>DataHub</h3>\n<h2>ICALEPCS Paper</h2>\n<p>No contact from ALBA, SESAME - will have to remove them from authorship if they can't be reached</p>\n<p>Deadline Monday evening?</p>\n<h3>Architecture:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Need to address comments from Rolf: Patrick</li>\n<li>Need to update final diagram: Patrick</li>\n<li>Check for missing citatons: Patrick</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Frontends:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>DataGateway content needed: Louise</li>\n<li>DataHub content needed: Alex</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Extensions/APIs:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>datagateway/common search api - add reference to this section (non accademic is fine, we can use the webpage): Viktor</li>\n<li>Python icat: Rolf</li>\n<li>ICAT+: Alex?</li>\n<li>ICAT OAIPMH: Rolf</li>\n<li>Sample tracking: Alex</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Science use cases:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Cryo-EM needs content: Alex</li>\n<li>MX needs content (50-100 parameters should be focus of use case): Alex</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Sites:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>ISIS needs content: Louise</li>\n<li>ESRF needs figures: Andy</li>\n<li>HZB needs content: Rolf</li>\n<li>ALBA: ?</li>\n<li>SESAME: ?</li>\n<li>SIRIUS: Allan</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Collaboration:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>indico site from previous workshop: ROlf</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Next steps:</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Expand on containerisation: Rolf?</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Conclusion</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Needs expanding</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>AOB</h2>\n<h3>E-logbooks meeting</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Meeting went well, but need to define next steps soon</li>\n<li>General idea is that the e-logbook will be treated as another ICAT component (in time)</li>\n<li>MongDB has a problematic license... Rolf suspects the e-logbook use case is not compliant with the license\n<ul>\n<li>Derived from GPL, but if you derive from MongoDB you have to use their license</li>\n<li>CoachDB as an alternative</li>\n<li>Consensus seems to be that this is not apply to us as we will not be offering MongoDB functionality, we are just using it as a DB which is allowed</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Test of model federation in DataGateway:\n<ul>\n<li>Could do this</li>\n<li>Not planning on anytime soon</li>\n<li>Would be nice to know if different versions of React can work together in practice</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Other meetings</h3>\n<h3>Next Collaboration Meeting</h3>\n<p>Clashes with International Data Week</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 28th September 2023","date":"2023-09-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20230928-meeting/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}