{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-56-4-april-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 55 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Review of requirements for ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>Review of requirements for ICAT related parts such as Topcat, IDS,\nIJP (Steve)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Any)</p>\n<h3>Actions 56</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.01</td>\n<td>Arrange for copies of Pandata presentations to be available</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/source/browse/#svn%2Fmeetings%2FPandataLund\">https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/source/browse/#svn%2Fmeetings%2FPandataLund</a>,<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/source/browse/#svn%2Fmeetings%2FLund2013Talks\">https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/source/browse/#svn%2Fmeetings%2FLund2013Talks</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.02</td>\n<td>Add a paragraph to the requirements page about general requirements</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>Deployment, Ingestion, Publishing, User office, Setup, Operations, Common standards</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>– PMH interface</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>– Revision of XML schema</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>– Additional indices in some tables</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.03</td>\n<td>Make the priority of the requirement for filesystem interface to ICAT, high</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.04</td>\n<td>Create tickets for each of the ICAT requirements and link to index page</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>56.05</td>\n<td>Provide information about the memory leak in the logging to SN et alia</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 56</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NV</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>PG</td>\n<td>Pablo Garcia</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Brian Matthews</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>IC</td>\n<td>Idrissou Chado</td>\n<td>Soleil</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 56 – 4 April 2013","date":"2013-04-04T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-56-4-april-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}