{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-60-30-may-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meeting 59 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Roadmap for ICAT 4.3 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Release conditions for ICAT 4.3 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of IJP (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of Topcat (Alistair)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 60</h3>\n<p>We were pleased to have Milan join us again. He has been away from work\nfor a month following an operation on his wrist.</p>\n<p>Ghita informed us that she is going to leave Diamond in June to take up\nan academic position teaching Computer Science in a University. The\nchairman thanked Ghita for her work with ICAT and wished her well in her\nnew position.</p>\n<p>Steve said that work on ICAT 4.3 was progressing well, with the\ndevelopment of Notifications and Logging completed. He will deal with\nFree text next. He said that when he completes the development of a\nfeature, he changes the status of the corresponding ticket to started.\nThe ticket will be closed when the feature is included in a release. If\nfurther work is required following release, a new ticket will be\ncreated.</p>\n<p>Alistair reported that he had written notes about the release conditions\nfor ICAT and IDS. He will send an email to the mailing list inviting\ncomments.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that the IJP is now ready for deployment in LSF at STFC.\nA paper has been written and will be presented at a conference in Zurich\nnew week. He agreed to finalise a release of this product and to make an\nannouncement.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that as Antony has left the project, we are short of\nresources for the development and support of Topcat. We would very much\nappreciate it, if one of our partners were to volunteer to support or\ndevelop Topcat.</p>\n<p>Alistair reported that as Frazer has left the project, we have recruited\na student who will join for three months from the beginning of\nSeptember. His main task will be to prepare the IDS for release. We are\nexpecting to have Frazer working with the project team from September\nagain. This will provide continuity in the work with IDS.</p>\n<p>Alistair and Steve reported that STFC is going to recruit at least one\ncontractor for several months to support the ICAT related work until a\npermanent replacement can be found for Antony.</p>\n<p>The meeting finished at 15:25\nBST.</p>\n<h3>Actions 60</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.01</td>\n<td>Add a page to the wiki about ICAT 4.3 and IDS 1.0 release conditions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.02</td>\n<td>Send a note to the mailing list about the notes on release conditions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.04</td>\n<td>Consider offering help to support or develop Topcat</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.05</td>\n<td>Make changes to the room booking at RAL for the ICAT meetings</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 60</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>PG</td>\n<td>Pablo Garcia</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NB</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George K</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>IC</td>\n<td>Idrissou Chado</td>\n<td>Soleil</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 60 – 30 May 2013","date":"2013-05-30T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-60-30-may-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}