{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-23-8-september-2011/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Actions 23</h3>\n<p>Actions from ICAT collaboration telephone conference on 8 September\n2011<br>\n23.1 – Alistair Mills – 8 September\n2011</p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>See also</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.00</td>\n<td>–</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.01</td>\n<td>22.02</td>\n<td>Documentation on API for ICAT3 and ICAT4</td>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>ICAT3 – Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.02</td>\n<td>22.03</td>\n<td>Create location for Jenkins, Sonar and Nexus on icatproject.org</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Deferred</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.03</td>\n<td>22.04</td>\n<td>Performance tests for icat – Discuss with Tom</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.04</td>\n<td>22.05</td>\n<td>Discuss the content of ICAT4 – Do this at mtg 24</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.05</td>\n<td>21.06</td>\n<td>Improvements to xmlingest – Discuss with Sri</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.06</td>\n<td>21.01</td>\n<td>Rule based authentication – Discuss with Steve</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.07</td>\n<td>21.02</td>\n<td>Deploy a vanilla ICAT4 in a VM, eg projectscott-ppe</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.08</td>\n<td>21.03</td>\n<td>Continuous build – Hudson – projectscott-tst and esctest</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.09</td>\n<td>21.04</td>\n<td>Copy of the documentation of the API of ICAT3 (icatproject.org)</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>23.10</td>\n<td>21.05</td>\n<td>Update/demo of BIRT – Remind HG</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 23 – 8 September 2011","date":"2011-09-08T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-23-8-september-2011/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}