---
title: ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 28th September 2023
date: 2023-09-28
chair: Andy
scribe: Patrick
---

## Attendance
Attendees:
- Patrick
- Andy
- Rolf
- Louise
- Viktor
- Kirsty
- Alan
- Alex
- Allan

Apologies:


## Site Updates

### ESRF:
- Working on the MX use cases
  - Deployed for some months, with ongoing testing
  - Contact friendly users next week
  - In a better position that ispyb
  - Room for improvement, possibility to add features beyond ispyb
  - Rolf: Our MX group does not have ispyb, plans to use it, would be nice to use the ESRF methods out of the box
    - Private meeting to discuss? Will need to contact the group
  - ispyb meeting at the end of November
  - Performance was a worry but actually is not bad
- Issues with downloading files of ~2GB via HTTP?
  - DLS have had people attempting ~TB, but expect these to fail
  - Rolf has had issues, but it was the clientside network (i.e. failed at home, succeeded at office)
    - Alex also has these difficulties from home
  - ESRF IT thinks it could be IDS config - could be a limit?
  - Louise to test on an ISIS file as that's 1 level storage
  - ESRF have GLOBUS, but majority of open data is not visible on GLOBUS via file permissions so is not suitable

### HZB:
- ICAT still offline, unknown when it will come up
- Internal Gitlab is back online
- Lots of upcoming project meetings
- ICAT components pending release will probably not be until November
  - DLS using ICAT6 but are and can continue to use SNAPSHOTs

### ALBA:
No attendees

### Sirius:
- Tried data ingest
- Sample tracking meeting: perhaps try another week
  - Want ESRF to participate but Alex isn't available, clashes with ICALEPCS
  - Going to send another poll

### ISIS:
No news

### DLS:
Still concerns about performance in the DB from Payara6 change
- Request duplication fix in DG
- Update Oracle drivers to auto

## Component Updates

### icat.server

### ids.server

### authn.oidc & icat.oaipmh

### DataGateway

### icat-doi-api

### DataHub

## ICALEPCS Paper
No contact from ALBA, SESAME - will have to remove them from authorship if they can't be reached

Deadline Monday evening?

### Architecture:
- Need to address comments from Rolf: Patrick
- Need to update final diagram: Patrick
- Check for missing citatons: Patrick

### Frontends:
- DataGateway content needed: Louise
- DataHub content needed: Alex

### Extensions/APIs:
- datagateway/common search api - add reference to this section (non accademic is fine, we can use the webpage): Viktor
- Python icat: Rolf
- ICAT+: Alex?
- ICAT OAIPMH: Rolf
- Sample tracking: Alex

### Science use cases:
- Cryo-EM needs content: Alex
- MX needs content (50-100 parameters should be focus of use case): Alex

### Sites:
- ISIS needs content: Louise
- ESRF needs figures: Andy
- HZB needs content: Rolf
- ALBA: ?
- SESAME: ?
- SIRIUS: Allan

### Collaboration:
- indico site from previous workshop: ROlf

### Next steps:
- Expand on containerisation: Rolf?

### Conclusion
- Needs expanding

## AOB

### E-logbooks meeting
- Meeting went well, but need to define next steps soon
- General idea is that the e-logbook will be treated as another ICAT component (in time)
- MongDB has a problematic license... Rolf suspects the e-logbook use case is not compliant with the license
  - Derived from GPL, but if you derive from MongoDB you have to use their license
  - CoachDB as an alternative
  - Consensus seems to be that this is not apply to us as we will not be offering MongoDB functionality, we are just using it as a DB which is allowed
- Test of model federation in DataGateway:
  - Could do this
  - Not planning on anytime soon
  - Would be nice to know if different versions of React can work together in practice


### Other meetings

### Next Collaboration Meeting
Clashes with International Data Week
