{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-68-17-october-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 67 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of TopCAT (Wayne)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 68</h3>\n<p>Present: Steve, Tom, Wayne, Frazer, Alistair, Kunal</p>\n<p>Tom reported that the date of the Spring meeting was still being\ndiscussed.</p>\n<p>As discussed at the previous meeting actions 61.01 and 60.03 have been\ndropped – they will be done at some stage.</p>\n<p>There had been a lot of useful feedback on the ICAT 4.3.0 snapshots\nresulting in a number of improvements. The only remaining issue was the\ninability to install it on Glassfish 4.</p>\n<p>There has been some progress with the IDS but not much as Steve has been\nworking mostly on ICAT. He plans to make some changes to the API to make\nit more convenient to use.</p>\n<p>Wayne reported that there had been a review of TopCAT issues out of\nwhich the items that should be fixed for the next release were\nidentified. He is working on interfacing to ICAT 4.3.0 but does not have\none installed. Tom suggested he should use the ISIS one. Tom will also\ncheck to see if he has anything else to add to the issue\nlist.</p>\n<h3>Actions 68</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>68.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>68.01</td>\n<td>Check that the list of requirements for Topcat</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>68.02</td>\n<td>Check that the topcat43 plugins works with ICAT 4.3.0</td>\n<td>WC</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>68.03</td>\n<td>Get a credential from ISIS to access the ISIS Topcat</td>\n<td>WC</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>68.04</td>\n<td>Talk to Bill and Stefan about Umbrella authentication plugin for ICAT</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.01</td>\n<td>Fix the dates of the ICAT and Pandata meetings in Spring 2014</td>\n<td>TG/AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.02</td>\n<td>Send a note to TG about Nxingest</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.04</td>\n<td>Discuss with Erica Yang issues of mutual concern</td>\n<td>Shelly</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>64.02</td>\n<td>Schedule a web cast on the contents of ICAT 4.3</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 68 – 17 October 2013","date":"2013-10-17T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-68-17-october-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}