{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-115-29th-march-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Attendees</h1>\n<p>Stuart Pullinger (SP), Chris Prosser (CP), Brian Ritchie (BR), Rolf\nKrahl (RK), Heike  , Alex di Maria (AM), Maxime Chaillet (MC).</p>\n<p>Apologies: Silvia Da Graca Ramos.</p>\n<h1>Actions from previous</h1>\n<p><strong>102.2 –</strong> BR still working on this.</p>\n<p><strong>113.1 –</strong> SP to look at IDS pull requests. SP can’t remember where\nhe’d got to. Rolf sent responses today; back to Stuart to run Rolf’s\ntest script. Rolf ran test, no problems.</p>\n<p><strong>113.2 –</strong> Catherine (CJ) to organise the Topcat development meeting.\nProbably not going to happen this month, maybe some time late in May.\nLots of us away.</p>\n<h1>ICAT Components</h1>\n<p><strong>Topcat (BR)</strong> –  DLS has problem with cart which revealed that\nadd-to-cart client code was casting longs (in json) to signed ints,\nresulting in overflow. Fixed and released as 2.3.2.1 (as DLS are using\n2.3.2); fix applied to master, but not to current release (2.3.6). Hope\nto release 2.4.0 rather than patch 2.3.6.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP (BR)</strong> –  progress in prototype deployment for Octopus – finally\nsucceeded in submitting IJP job to Scarf (Platform LSF cluster). \nContinuing to develop HTCondor batch connector.</p>\n<p>**IDS (RK) **–  snapshot one month ago, no comments. Considering\nreleasing ids plugin 1.4, ids storage, ids server 1.9.0, sometime in\nApril. Stuart will test these at same time as trying out Rolf’s script.\n(RK: script could be tried on production as it’s read-only. SP will try\non DLS pre-prod.)</p>\n<h1>Site Updates</h1>\n<p>**DLS (CP) – ** experiencing a number of problems. Service usage is\nincreasing: 1000 recalls in last 6 months. There are issues with recalls\nmoving from prep to expired. The ‘prepareData’ call is not timely in\nresponding (exceeding the 30 minute timeout in topcat?) DLS have a\nmechanism to replay recalls, but tedious &#x26; manual. CP thinks root cause\nis the query generated by Java/JPA for large filesets: Oracle not able\nto execute it quickly enough. Also experiencing probs with Topcat\ndownload test script, during high (IDS) load, tests can time out.</p>\n<p><strong>RK</strong>: open issue on ids.server from DLS, “archive can be too slow”\n(last Sep); perhaps filling up ids cache?</p>\n<p><strong>CP</strong>: if several users request large files, the cache can get full.</p>\n<p><strong>RK</strong>: needs more info than described in the issue to determine\ncircumstances.</p>\n<p><strong>HZB (RK)</strong>: not too much. 2nd data publication. no workflow yet so\nimprovising.</p>\n<p><strong>ESRF (AM)</strong>: DOI / landing page probs – datacite. Not sure about\nfeatures. More beamlines. No icat issues.</p>\n<p><strong>SP</strong>: After upgrading to Payara, increased memory usage on DLS\npreprod, related to lucene (icat.server 4.8.0 – so Lucene component is\nstill integrated). Possibly some differences in default configuration\nbetween Payara and Glassfish? No-one else sees similar problems.   Nor\nISIS.</p>\n<h1>Review Outstanding Schema Changes (SP)</h1>\n<p>The proposals are drawn from presentations at the Face to Face meeting.\nThis review is only intended to decide whether a proposal has enough\nsupport to be considered. The proposals will be looked at in more detail\nat future meetings. Comments are by SP unless indicated.</p>\n<h2>Rolf’s presentation</h2>\n<p>The first and last proposals are uncontroversial, the middle proposal is\nlarger and may need more discussion.</p>\n<p><strong>Persistent ID Proposal</strong>: we have persistent IDs for investigation,\ndataset, datafile, but not for instrument, parameter type, sample.\nPropose to add doi field to these entities.<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting this.</p>\n<p><strong>Data Publication Workflow</strong>: Workflow to include fields from DataCite.\nWould require adding new classes/relations. SP sees no problem, but\nthinks it needs more discussion, so suggests pushing it back (behind\nother changes).</p>\n<p><strong>SP</strong>: wonders if it has any crossover with collaboration/integrations\nwith other data-sharing standards eg. OAIPMH?<br>\n<strong>RK</strong>: suggests DataCite metadata. Depends on which objects we want to\ndescribe. For current schema, Investigation doesn’t perfectly match\nDatacite (would need to be lax on semantics). Dataset would need creator\nand maybe contributors. InvestigationUsers may not be Creators, etc.<br>\n<strong>AM</strong>: Using InvestigationUser as Creators.<br>\n<strong>RK</strong>: proposal matches DataCite<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting. Discuss after other, easier, schema\nchanges.</p>\n<p><strong>Add Relation from Shift to Instrument</strong>:</p>\n<p><strong>SP</strong>: small, easy.<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting this.</p>\n<h2>Steve’s presentation</h2>\n<p><strong>Eliminate unused entities</strong>: for example: study, publication,\nkeyword.<br>\n<strong>SP</strong>: worth keeping and reviewing.</p>\n<p><strong>Rename Investigation to Visit, introduce Proposal/Investigation</strong>:\n<strong>SP</strong>: not sure it’s worth the effort. <strong>Alex</strong>: makes sense to us (and\nDLS).<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting this.</p>\n<p><strong>Add count of datafiles and total size to dataset and up</strong>:<br>\nWorth considering. No objections raised.<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting this.</p>\n<p><strong>Removing dataset replacing with Directory (possibly hierarchical)</strong><br>\n<strong>Remote Datafile and Dataset/Directory from RDBMS</strong>.<br>\nThese are more radical changes; but see whether DLS or others would like\nit.<br>\n<strong>AM</strong>: would like Datasets to be able to contain Datasets.<br>\n<strong>RK</strong>: need to discuss v. thoroughly – big impact.<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting. Discuss after other, easier, schema\nchanges and after getting more feedback from DLS.</p>\n<h2>Final proposal</h2>\n<p><strong>Add json type to parameter fields</strong>.<br>\n<strong>RK</strong>: how search for individual items? Other than that, happy.<br>\n<strong>AM</strong>: considering creating another component, json-based, to add\nsearchable data linked to ICAT.<br>\n<strong>RK</strong>: would need a prototype to experiment.<br>\n<strong>Conclusion</strong>: Consider adopting this.</p>\n<h1>Ticket Review (SP)</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Looking at the Waffle.io 'Kanban'-style issue tracker which displays\nthe open issues in the Icatproject Github repositories. There are 4\ncolumns: Backlog (containing most of the issues), Ready (currently\nempty), In Progress and Done.</li>\n<li>Running out of time so only reviewing issues in ‘In Progress’</li>\n<li>‘In Progress’ should mean the owner expects to report on it at next\nmeeting.</li>\n<li>IJP-related tickets to be reviewed by BR</li>\n<li>#368 Topcat shaking screen: BR has a fix in test</li>\n<li>IDS items: RK happy to keep them in ‘In Progress’</li>\n<li>SP: asks all to look at Backlog and move to Ready any that are\nhigher-priority.</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.1</td>\n<td>Look at and test Rolfs IDS Server and IDS Plugin pull requests</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the discussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>115.1</td>\n<td>Look at issues in the Backlog on waffle.io and move to Ready any that are higher-priority</td>\n<td>All</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>115.2</td>\n<td>Review IJP-related tickets in ‘In Progress’ column on waffle.io</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>115.3</td>\n<td>Create a timetable for discussions of schema changes</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting will be Thursday 26th April, 3pm UK time</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 115 – 29th March 2018","date":"2018-03-29T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-115-29th-march-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}