{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-79-30-october-2014/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 78 (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT development (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Christophe)</li>\n<li>IDS development (Steve)</li>\n<li>TopCAT development (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP development (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Installation Script (Leonardo)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Apologies:  Christophe (who tried to join but was unable), Daniel and\nAlistair.</p>\n<p>Present: Shelly, Rolf, Milan, Brian M, Brian R, Kevin, Wayne, Steve,\nMatt and Tom.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Action 78:0 – Christophe has now made a number of releases of the\nICAT Manager.</li>\n<li>Action 78.1 – Wayne has produced some new Balsamiq mockups</li>\n<li>Action 78.2 – The glassfish configuration for Oracle RAC servers is\nnow part of the setup scripts.</li>\n<li>Action 75.4 – Andy has submitted Use Cases for TopCAT</li>\n<li>Action 60.3 – As this concerns the IJP it is being transferred to\nBrian R.</li>\n<li>Steve reported that the Rolf had tried ICAT 4.4.0 and that it seems\nto work – but he had not tested the new parts (import/export and\nother restful things) .  The code is also being tested for DLS but\nother testers would be appreciated. The main issue to be resolved is\nthe presence of a “role” attribute in the InvestigationGroup table.\nRolf stated that the InvestigationGroup without a role attribute was\nuseless so we must add the attribute or abandon the\nInvestigationGroup. The new agreement was to add the role and to\nchange the documentation to say that if you want separate the\nauthorization rules from who is actually on the proposal then you\ncan use both InvestigationUser and InvestigationGroup where\nthe InvestigationUser reflects the proposal and\nthe InvestigationGroup is used in authorization rules.\nOtherwise InvestigationUser can be used for both purposes.</li>\n<li>Steve then reported on the IDS. He has added support for archives\norganised by datafile (prompted by DLS needs and which appears to\nwork well) in addition to organisation by dataset. He has also added\na new mechanism for handling prepareData (which just keeps the\nexpansion into datafile objects and triggers any restoration from\narchive) and has simplified the interface for communicating which\ndatasets or datafiles to archive when main storage is running low.\n There is currently a security problem which has been explained on\nthe icatgroup list. The problem is that the location field cannot be\ntrusted. There are two suggested ways to address this – passing more\ninformation to the plugin to permit sanity checks to be made by the\nplugin or adding a cryptographic hash to the location field – or\nboth. It has also been proposed to not pass the dataset.location via\nthe plugin interface. Tom thought that it was probably best to\ninclude both solutions and nobody objected to the elimination of\ndataset.location from the plugin interface.</li>\n<li>Wayne reported that TopCAT 1.12 had been released and that yesterday\na big update to the balsamiq mock-ups had been announced. Not\nsurprisingly people had not yet studied them. Steve emphasised the\nimportance of making sure that these mock-ups appear to reflect what\npeople really want to see.</li>\n<li>Brian R reported that he had – refactored lsfbatch to use shared\nclasses which ensure that all the IJP batch systems have a common\ninterface. He is now considering how to select and pass datafiles\n(as well as datasets) to jobs. Wayne had suggested that it might be\nworth using balsamiq to produce a mock-up of the revised GUI.</li>\n<li>Tom said that they were trialling an “auto-reduction” system with\n users next</li>\n</ul>\n<p>week.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>ITEM</th>\n<th>DESCRIPTION</th>\n<th>ASSIGNED</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.3</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Brian R</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 79 – 30 October 2014","date":"2014-10-30T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-79-30-october-2014/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}