{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-120-27th-september-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h4>Attendees:</h4>\n<p>Sylvie (SR), Stuart (SP), Alex (AdM), Maxime (Max), Rolf (RK)</p>\n<h4>Apologies:</h4>\n<p>George Christian, Catherine Jones, Brian Ritchie, Chris Prosser</p>\n<h4>ICAT Components:</h4>\n<h5>ICAT Server (SP &#x26; RK):</h5>\n<ul>\n<li>SP working on search replacement component\n<ul>\n<li>first job to document API nearly done</li>\n<li>next job: write tests</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p><strong>AdM</strong>: Why index on Datafiles at all?</p>\n<p><strong>SR</strong>: Users need to be able to find files by name.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>RK: ICAT Schema changes nearly done. Only need to add tests.</li>\n<li>RK: ICAT test suite does not run -- hard-coded to Steve Fisher's\ncomputer. See\n<a href=\"https://github.com/icatproject/icat.server/issues/205\">#205</a> and\n<a href=\"https://github.com/icatproject/icat.server/pull/206\">#206.</a></li>\n</ul>\n<h5>Topcat (BR)</h5>\n<p>Released 2.3.2.2 in August: bugfix release for DLS. Adds configuration\nto show/hide the Search tab.  As indexing is disabled in DLS, Search\ndoesn't work, so DLS asked for the Search tab to be removed. In this\nrelease, Search is removed by default; this meant that it could be\ninstalled (and Search removed) without having to change topcat.json.</p>\n<p>Whether a similar change is required to the topcat master (2.4.x)\ndepends on whether or not a solution is found to the DLS indexing\nproblem before DLS is ready to upgrade topcat to 2.4.x.</p>\n<h5><strong>IJP (BR)</strong></h5>\n<p>Nothing (interesting) to report. Octopus work is being re-planned; may\nbe more interested in DAaaS than in the IJP.  Current Octopus\ndevelopment VMs are due to be retired in October, I am working on\ncreating replacements in the new Cloud service -- assuming they will\nstill be wanted!</p>\n<p>The Scarf team plan to take over the HTCondor-Slurm work; I'm more than\nhappy, provided that the IJP can use whatever they do!</p>\n<p><strong>IDS (RK) and Python ICAT (RK)</strong> -- Nothing to report.</p>\n<h4>Site Updates</h4>\n<p><strong>STFC (SP)</strong></p>\n<ul>\n<li>New staff starting\n<ul>\n<li>October: Service managers</li>\n<li>November: Developer</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>No one from STFC is attending NoBugs 2018</li>\n<li>Consultants will start to look at the DLS infrastructure (including\ntheir use of ICAT) from October.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><strong>Diamond (SR)</strong></p>\n<ul>\n<li>Archive has now reached 15 Petabytes!</li>\n<li>A new directory structure -- by village -- has been implemented.\n<ul>\n<li>(SP: this had no real impact on ICAT)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Now using ActiveMQ in the ingest workflow.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><strong>ESRF (AdM)</strong></p>\n<ul>\n<li>The replacement for TopCat (eDataPortal -- built using React) is\nwaiting to be put into production.</li>\n<li>It includes an eLogBook tab which receives notifications from\nbeamlines. Built using MongoDB.</li>\n<li>Action: AdM to demo it at the next meeting.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><strong>HZB (RK)</strong> -- Nothing to report</p>\n<h4>AOB</h4>\n<p><strong>INFRAEOSC-5 ExPanDS (RK)</strong></p>\n<p>Interesting proposal. Work package 3 is on metadata catalogues.</p>\n<p>Action: SP to discuss STFC's involvement with Brian Matthews.</p>\n<p><strong>AdM: What do other sites do when an investigation wants to have 2\ndatasets with the same name, eg. 'Test'?</strong></p>\n<p>SR: DLS users cannot choose a dataset name -- but they can create a\nfolder which becomes the dataset name.</p>\n<p>RK: HZB has 2 instruments connected to ICAT. For each scan/run, a new\nscan/run number is created which becomes the dataset name.</p>\n<p>(Note from SP: the conclusion was that other sites did not have this\nproblem as either a) users could not choose a dataset name (HZB) or b)\nusers were forced to create a unique dataset name (DLS)).</p>\n<p><strong>AdM: Could we store the file count and size in the Dataset and\nInvestigation?</strong></p>\n<p>AdM: At ESRF, all files in a Dataset are ingested at the same time and\nnot updated so the calculation is easy.</p>\n<p>SR: suggested this to Steve Fisher but he was against the idea.</p>\n<p>RK: we may have to think about who/what has write access to\ninvestigation parameters. At HZB, the ingester does not have this\npermission. Retrieving the file count and size of a Dataset are\nimplemented in the IDS.</p>\n<h4>Actions</h4>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the discussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>119.1</td>\n<td>Review and update instructions for Apache proxy configuration.</td>\n<td>SP and RK</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>120.1</td>\n<td>Alex to demonstrate ESRF's replacement for TopCat.</td>\n<td>Alex de Maria</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>120.2</td>\n<td>Stuart to speak to Brian Matthews about ExPanDS</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting scheduled for Thursday 25th October 3pm UK time.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 120 – 27th September 2018","date":"2018-09-27T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-120-27th-september-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}