{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-52-7-february-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 51 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Plans for Sweden2013 (Krister)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS reference implementation (Antony)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Attendance 52</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KL</td>\n<td>Krister Larsson</td>\n<td>MAX</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Jamie Hall</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Notes 52</h3>\n<p>Steve reported that he had only a small amount of feedback about the\ncontent of ICAT 4.3 and so he would post to the mailing list again.</p>\n<p>Shelly asked if people with experience of calling the ICAT API in C++\ncould provide advice on which package to use. Gsoap is a candidate.</p>\n<p>Krister asked that we add a note to the web site about lunch being\navailable before the ICAT meeting in Lund. He also said that he intends\nto send out another announcement about the meeting in Lund. Krister said\nthat a representative of ESS would attend the ICAT workshop in Lund; he\nsaid that ESS is a potential big user of ICAT.</p>\n<p>Jamie asked that changes be included in ICAT 4.3 to support ILL. He will\nsend a note to the mailing list about this.</p>\n<p>Antony and Frazer lead a discussion of the plans for IDS.</p>\n<p>Milan reported that he was working on a deliverable for WP4 of Pandata.\nHe reported that\nSV2<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/2\">?</a> was held on 1st\nFebruary, but it had not been possible to include meta-data ingestion in\nthe\nverification.</p>\n<h3>Actions 52</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.01</td>\n<td>Ask again for feedback on ICAT 4.3</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.02</td>\n<td>Send comments to Shelly about the use of C++ for ICAT API</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.03</td>\n<td>Add a note to the wiki about Antony’s talk</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td><a href=\"http://code.google.com/p/icat-data-service/wiki/07_02_13\">http://code.google.com/p/icat-data-service/wiki/07_02_13</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.04</td>\n<td>Send an announcement about the meeting in Lund with clarification of venue</td>\n<td>KL</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.05</td>\n<td>Provide a copy of the draft of the pandata deliverable WP4.D.2 to AM</td>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.06</td>\n<td>Send a copy of the mail about the changes to ICAT proposed by ILL</td>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.07</td>\n<td>Send a note to AM about installing a certificate in GF</td>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.08</td>\n<td>Investigate the effect on GF of the loss of the database connection</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.09</td>\n<td>Provide a “dry-run” option on API calls to support greyed-out buttons in GUIs</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>This will be in ICAT 4.3</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.10</td>\n<td>Fix for bug in createMany to be released in icat 4.2.3</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>52.11</td>\n<td>Chair the next meeting on 21 February 2013 as Alistair will be on leave</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 52 – 7 February 2013","date":"2013-02-07T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-52-7-february-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}