{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-24-22-september-2011/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Actions 24</h3>\n<p>Actions from ICAT collaboration telephone conference on 22 September\n2011<br>\n24.1 – Alistair Mills – 22 September\n2011</p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.01</td>\n<td>Add Ghita, Holger, Shelly and Harjinder to the meeting list</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.02</td>\n<td>Write a note for the wiki about the Release criteria for ICAT4</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.03</td>\n<td>Write a note for the wiki about the use of Maven with ICAT4</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.04</td>\n<td>Test Glassfish 3.11 with ICAT4 and document any alerts</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.05</td>\n<td>Update the road map for ICAT 4 and link it to the Release criteria</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.06</td>\n<td>Write a note with estimates of the effort required to release ICAT4</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Cancelled</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.07</td>\n<td>Remind people of the next meeting on 6 October</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>24.08</td>\n<td>Update the ICAT4 roadmap</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<p><strong>(1) Collaborators</strong></p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HG</td>\n<td>Holger Gebhard</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>Sri Nagella</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RS</td>\n<td>Richard Sinclair</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RF</td>\n<td>Ron Fowler</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELLETRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELLETRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Brian Matthews</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 24 – 22 September 2011","date":"2011-09-22T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-24-22-september-2011/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}