{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-04/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>ICAT Steering Group Meeting #4</h1>\n<p>20th October 2016 17:30CET<br>\nThe Avenue Hotel, Copenhagen</p>\n<p>Attendance</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve Fisher (SF), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Tom Griffin (TG), STFC, ISIS</li>\n<li>Andy Gotz (AG), ESRF (Chair)</li>\n<li>Milan Prica (MP), ELETTRA</li>\n<li>Shelly Ren (SR), SNS</li>\n<li>Silvia Da Graca Ramos (SDGR), Diamond</li>\n<li>Rolf Krahl (RK), HZB</li>\n<li>Brian Matthews (BM), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Ming Tang (MT), CSNS</li>\n<li>Kevin Phipps (KP), STFC, Scientific Computing (Secretary)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Catherine Jones, STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n</ul>\n<p>1. Welcome</p>\n<p>AG welcomed those present, including a new member Ming Tang from CSNS,\nthe China Spallation Neutron Source.</p>\n<p>2. Election of new SC secretary</p>\n<p>Catherine Jones will be the new secretary. Kevin Phipps is standing in\nfor this meeting in Catherine's absence. No election was necessary as\nSTFC provides the secretary.</p>\n<p>3. Actions of the previous meeting</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>No.</th>\n<th>Detail</th>\n<th>Resp.</th>\n<th>Status</th>\n<th>Notes</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>2.2</td>\n<td>Update the ToR to include a section on voting</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>TG has added something corresponding to what was discussed</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.4</td>\n<td>Check with CLF/LSF that they are correctly represented</td>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>Not done</td>\n<td>BM will resolve this</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.7</td>\n<td>Write a general note on criteria for membership of the steering committee</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.10</td>\n<td>Write a specification of external authorization service</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>SR believes she now has a way to do this using the new rules system</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.11</td>\n<td>Ask communications for help to review web site</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>TG got feedback along the lines of the site needs a major redesign. The photo of ICAT people on the front page should be a screenshot of an application with the photo moved to under Communication.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>4. Review of membership and potential new members to invite</p>\n<p>AG has contacted Jean-Francois at ILL and believes that he still wants\nto remain on the steering group for now.<br>\nBM has changed roles and will let the steering group know if he is going\nto remain a member. (ACTION)<br>\nIt was clarified that the secretary should not have a vote and thought\nthat this should be explicit in the TOR. (ACTION)<br>\nAG raised the issue that it may be necessary to limit the membership of\nthe steering group if more facilities start using ICAT.</p>\n<p>5. Review of move of ICAT code to GitHub and workflow</p>\n<p>Steve has completed the move to Github. This has been a success.<br>\nTG asked how components move from Contrib to Core. AG suggested that the\nsteering group makes this decision. It was also suggested that it should\nbe a standard agenda item for the steering group to review Contrib and\nCore.<br>\nSR asked why the TopCAT DOI component is not in Core and SF said that it\nis too STFC specific at the moment.<br>\nIt was suggested that the criteria for moving a component into Core\nshould be that it is written to be usable by multiple sites and is\nactively being maintained.<br>\nBM suggested moving some of the Contribs to a documentation area.</p>\n<p>6. Review website + documentation</p>\n<p>There was a lot of discussion about this. The following is a summary of\nthe main discussion points:<br>\nAll of the facilities should provide a summary page of how they are\nusing ICAT. A link to their TopCAT page would be good as well. (ACTION)<br>\nAG would like documentation to be more obvious from a higher level\nrather than having to drill down into components.<br>\nThe TopCAT videos produced by Tom Gowland should be linked from the\nwebsite. (ACTION)<br>\nThe current release link should go straight to the current release\nrather than displaying a long list of releases with the most recent at\nthe bottom.<br>\nThere was a suggestion to group related components together eg. IJP,\nauthenticators.<br>\nMP suggested that a short description should be displayed next to each\ncomponent.<br>\nIt was felt that the list of current releases is too long and\npotentially off-putting/daunting to new users. Maybe a smaller subset of\nessential components should be presented by default.<br>\nAG and SR offered to give feedback to SF on the website (ACTION).<br>\nAG and RK suggested using something like Sphinx for generating\ndocumentation and AG showed the Django website as an example of a good\nwebsite.<br>\nIt was recognised that there is potentially a lot of work involved to\nredo the icatproject website. SF will wait for comments before doing\nanything.</p>\n<p>7. Review of ICAT resources</p>\n<p>RK said he might look into writing an OAI-PMH interface for ICAT.<br>\nRK will put in a pull request to solve the IDS locking problem which he\ndiscussed separately with SF.<br>\nCSNS would like to add some data analysis capabilities to TopCAT. This\nshould be able to be done via plugins and MT said that they should be\nable to share this.<br>\nELETTRA are hoping to move their code to open source but cannot commit\nto anything yet. Their IT department wants to move everything (Tango\ndevices, GUIs, acquisition frameworks etc.) to GitHub with an open\nsource license but it is not official yet and will require management\napproval.<br>\nISIS have a sandwich student (Tom Gowland) working roughly half time on\ncore ISIS work and half time on general ICAT components.<br>\nSR hopes that Peter Parker is able to contribute to general ICAT\ncomponents once he completes what he is currently working on.<br>\nAG offered to provide some examples of metadata that can be stored in\nICAT to make available on the website (ACTION).</p>\n<p>8. Roadmap</p>\n<p>SF presented the roadmap which will be published on the website.</p>\n<p>Steve has ideas for possible changes that could be made ICAT 5 such as\nreplacing the concept of Dataset with something else. This would all\nneed to be discussed and agreed because of the potential implications\nfor facilities already using ICAT.</p>\n<p>RK pointed out that dropping the SOAP interface to ICAT would mean\ndropping python-icat. SF said that maintaining the SOAP interface is not\nmuch of an overhead and where possible ICAT 4 will provide both SOAP and\nREST interfaces.</p>\n<p>RK asked to have the ability to translate/map parameter names added to\nTopCAT in a way that is more convenient. TG wants to see more general\nimprovements to parameter searching in TopCAT.</p>\n<p>There was discussion as to whether UTF-8 is sufficient to support\nChinese and Japanese characters. The outcome was unclear.</p>\n<p>9. AOB.</p>\n<p>No business</p>\n<p>10. Next meeting/Developer meeting</p>\n<p>The next steering group meeting will be a virtual meeting in 6 months\ntime.</p>\n<p>New Actions</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>No.</th>\n<th>Detail</th>\n<th>Resp.</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>2.4</td>\n<td>Check with CLF/LSF that they are correctly represented</td>\n<td>BM</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.1</td>\n<td>Let the steering group know if he is going to remain a member.</td>\n<td>BM</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.2</td>\n<td>Update the TOR to make it explicit that the steering group secretary does not have a vote</td>\n<td>??</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.3</td>\n<td>Provide a summary page for the icatproject website preferably containing a link to TopCAT</td>\n<td>AG, SDGR, SR, MT</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.4</td>\n<td>Provide a link to the TopCAT videos from icatproject</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.5</td>\n<td>Provide feedback to SF on how to improve the website</td>\n<td>AG, SR</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>4.6</td>\n<td>Provide some examples of metadata that can be stored in ICAT to make available on the website</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 04","date":null}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-04/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}