{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-116-26th-april-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendees</h2>\n<p>Brian (BR), Chris (CP), Silvie (SR), Stuart (SP), Rolf (RK), Milan (M),\nAndy (AG), Maxime (MC)</p>\n<h2>Actions from previous</h2>\n<p>102.2 – BR still working on this.</p>\n<p>113.1 – Stuart hasn’t managed to do this. Is having issues with python\nscript used to test performance of IDS queries.</p>\n<p>113.2 – Catherine to organise the topcat development meeting, Stuart\nwill follow up on this.</p>\n<p>115.1 – Stuart didn’t see any pressing issues, i.e. issues that are\ncausing significant problems and need fixing immediately.</p>\n<p>115.2 – Brian has closed many tickets, most of them no were longer\nrequired.</p>\n<p>115.3 – Schema changes timetable not done but discussion in this meeting\nabout two smaller changes.</p>\n<h2>ICAT Components</h2>\n<p><strong>Server (SP) –</strong> Alex reported timer issue in glassfish which required\nredeployment. Brian found configuration setting in Payara that means the\ntimers would be restarted rather than expunged if they fail. Stuart will\ntest this configuration change to Payara actually fixes the issue and\nwill add it to the setup-glassfish.py script. Stuart also notes that the\nsetup-glassfish script isn’t in version control so he will be adding\nthis.</p>\n<p><strong>Topcat (BR) –</strong> Brian created 2.4.0 snapshot that he would like\ntesting. The only change since then is missing lang.json.example items.\nStuart will test on Diamond pre-production and Jamie will test on ISIS\npre-production. Brian notes to be aware of the changes to\ntopcat.properties  when upgrading.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP (BR) –</strong> Brian reviewed in-progress issues in waffle.io and closed\nmost of them. Reports that ** **IJP job to SCARF no longer works due to\nproblem with platform LSF.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS (RK) –</strong> Snapshot released and no feedback received yet. Waiting\nfor Stuart to test the database performance.</p>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<p><strong>Diamond (CP)</strong> – Double the volume of diamond user recalls over the\nlast two weeks has caused problems. Issue with recalls taking too long\nto complete, timing out and falling into an expired state. Also because\nthe IDS’s are under heavy load with CPU and disk usage being very high\nthe test they run every 20 minutes is failing. Andy Gotz expressed\ninterest in Diamonds test script so Stuart says he will share it as it\nmay be useful for others.</p>\n<p><strong>ESRF (AG and MC)</strong> – Only issue has been topcat download/timer issue\nalready discussed. ESRF have DOI landing pages now but asked about\nanonymous downloads. Rolf explains anonymous auth plugin, rules and\ntopcat config of anonymous plugin is all that’s required. MC has written\nup requirements for logbook that will work closely with ICAT and will\nshare when complete. AG also reports that their cyroEM is fully\nintegrated into ICAT.</p>\n<h2>Waffle.IO tickets</h2>\n<p>‘Ready’ tickets should be for issues that are ready to be worked on. If\nan issue is ‘In progress’ the ticket assignee should be prepared to talk\nabout it at the next monthly meeting.</p>\n<p>Stuart has added two new issues to Ready. Adding setup-glassfish script\ninto version control and testing the Payara configuration option to stop\ntimers being expunged.</p>\n<p>Silvia reported she made some changes to the IDS specific to Diamond.\nRolf says she can create a PR to be reviewed.</p>\n<p>Stuart asked about python 2.7 end of life, Rolf confirms that\npython-icat works with python 3. Stuart says he will look at getting the\nsetup scripts python 3 compatible.</p>\n<h2>Schema Changes</h2>\n<p>Stuart reported he’s going to start with non-controversial additive\nchanges, their presence shouldn’t affect anyone who doesn’t want to use\nthem.</p>\n<p>No one objected to adding persistent identifiers to Instruments. Stuart\nasked if 255 characters are enough, Rolf has never seen a persistent\nidentifier that is longer than 255. Stuart asked what the update should\nbe called and it’s agreed to at least be a minor number change since\nit’s a schema change.</p>\n<p>There’s some discussion regarding the creation of an optional shift to\ninstrument relation but the meeting is cut short so no firm decision is\nmade.</p>\n<h2>Actions</h2>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>Item</th>\n<th>Description</th>\n<th>Assigned</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.1</td>\n<td>Look at Rolfs IDS Server and IDS Plugin pull request</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for thediscussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>115.3</td>\n<td>Create a timetable for discussions of schema changes</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>116.1</td>\n<td>Test Topcat 2.4.0 snapshot on ISIS and diamond</td>\n<td>Jamie and Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>116.2</td>\n<td>Share diamond download test script.</td>\n<td>Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>116.3</td>\n<td>Look at converting setup scripts to python 3</td>\n<td>Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting scheduled for Thursday 24th May, 3pm UK time.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 116 – 26th April 2018","date":"2018-04-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-116-26th-april-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}