{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-59-16-may-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 58 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of anonymous authenticator (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Antony)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 59</h3>\n<p>Steve reported that Antony has now left the collaboration as he has a\nnew job within STFC SCD. Alistair was asked to make an announcement\nabout the availability of the technology preview of the IDS. Alistair\nreported that the downloader part of the IDS had performed well during\nthe service verification on 10 May 2013.</p>\n<p>(Steve and Alistair reviewed the status of the materials for the IDS on\n22 May 2013 and decided that the IDS is not ready for a technology\npreview. There will be a student working on this from July, and we\nexpect to have it ready for preview by September).</p>\n<p>Steve reported that the anonymous authenticator is now available.\nAlistair reported that he has successfully deployed it on one of the\ntest icats for Pandata.</p>\n<p>Kevin reported that he has deployed ICAT 4.2.5 in production for CLF at\nRAL. This appears to have cured the problem of memory leak and improved\nthe reliability of ICAT.</p>\n<p>Kevin and Tom both reported that adding additional indexes to some of\nthe tables in the database has made a large difference to the time\nrequired for queries. The response time is much lower, and it is much\nmore consistent.</p>\n<p>There was discussion of how to implement index generation in ICAT 4.3.\nThere is not a standard way in SQL to tell a database to create indexes.\nFurthermore, the tables which requires the indexes can vary from one\ninstallation to another. There is a way to tell\nEclipseLink<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/EclipseLink\">?</a> to\ngenerate indexes in tables, but this does not work if a different\npersistence provider is used. It was agreed to provide documentation on\nindex generation.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that adding the extensions to the query language for ICAT\nto support the changes to the schema to be introduced in icat 4.3 is\nrather complicated and would delay the availability of ICAT 4.3. It was\nagreed that Steve should take the time to get it correct, and if it\ndelays ICAT 4.3 until after the summer recess, this would be\nsatisfactory. (There is a requirement of Pandata that the changes to the\nschema of ICAT are required by October 2013 –\nEd).</p>\n<h3>Actions 59</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>59.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>58.01</td>\n<td>Make an announcement about the technology preview of the IDS</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Will not be done</td>\n<td>The IDS is not ready</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 59</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>DG</td>\n<td>David Garcia</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>DG</td>\n<td>Pablo</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NB</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>IC</td>\n<td>Idrissou Chado</td>\n<td>Soleil</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>JH</td>\n<td>Jamie Hall</td>\n<td>IIL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 59 – 16 May 2013","date":"2013-05-16T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-59-16-may-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}