{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-65-5-september-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meeting 64 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 65</h3>\n<p>Present: Alistair (STFC/chair), Kevin (STFC), Tom (ISIS), Idrissou\n(Soleil) and Steve (STFC)</p>\n<p>There has been an offer from ISIS to host the face to face meeting in\nMarch 2014. It was agreed to accept this offer and the chairman thanked\nTom for the offer. The meeting is likely to be held in collaboration\nwith the final meeting of Pandata.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that progress on the collection of parts associated with\nrelease of ICAT 4.3 was going well. There are a small number of\ninterdependencies. For example ICAT 4.3 requires a new version of\nIcat-setup. The authn_db has also changed. There was a discussion of\ndetection of compatibilities. It was agreed to review these, following\nexperience of using the new versions of the parts.</p>\n<p>There were no issues with any production deployment. However Tom\nreported that he was very keen to move to ICAT 4.3 as it solves some of\nhis difficulties.</p>\n<p>There was a question about the status of IDS. Steve reported the\ntechnical work was going well, and that a version for comment would be\navailable in October. Tom asked that this version be available soon,\neven if some advanced features for remote file systems are not\nsupported.</p>\n<p>The meeting concluded at\n15h30.</p>\n<h3>Actions 65</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>65.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>65.01</td>\n<td>Discuss the arrangements for ICAT 2014 with Pandata</td>\n<td>TG/AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>65.02</td>\n<td>Provide feedback on ICAT 4.3 and its related parts</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>On-going</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>65.03</td>\n<td>Meet again on 19 September</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>64.02</td>\n<td>Schedule a web cast on the contents of ICAT 4.3 for September</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>64.03</td>\n<td>Make snapshots of ICAT 4.3.rc available for comment in August</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 65 – 5 September 2013","date":"2013-09-05T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-65-5-september-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}