{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-71-31-january-2014/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 70 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Meeting technology (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Meeting in Dublin in March (Alistair)</li>\n<li>ICAT roadmap (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of recent releases (Steve)</li>\n<li>Coordination of IDS plugins (Andy/Christophe)</li>\n<li>Release and SV for Pandata (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 71</h3>\n<p>Present: Rolf, Shelley, Milan, Alistair, Kunal and Steve</p>\n<p>Apologies: Tom</p>\n<p>Kunal had looked at a number of choices including\nGoToMeeting<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/GoToMeeting\">?</a> and\nTeamviewer. Evo was also suggested as another possibility. He will try\nout one or more products with Milan and Shelley and report back.</p>\n<p>Alastair explained that the current Dublin meeting agenda was currently\na clone of that for the the last meeting. Steve requested that any site\nreports should highlight any problems.</p>\n<p>Steve went through the draft Road Map. A lot of useful ideas were put\nforward which will be reflected in the map:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Documentation improvements are needed for search and authorization\n(doing it efficiently)</li>\n<li>Rolf has data export/import for his python code but it is quite\nslow. He uses yaml syntax with ids replaced by the uniqueness\nconstraint fields which is similar to what Steve had in mind.</li>\n<li>It was suggested again that it would be good to isolate the\nfederation part of Topcat. This might be a service in its own right.</li>\n<li>There was a suggestion that ICE should be incorporated into TopCAT.</li>\n</ul>\n<p> </p>\n<p>PaNData service verification will start tomorrow.</p>\n<p>Alistair said that he planned to produce a report on ICAT from PaNData.\nSteve asked him to make sure that problems were promptly reported in the\nusual way (the appropriate googlecode issue list) so that any issues\ncould be addressed as soon as possible.</p>\n<p>Milan had found a problem with TopCAT for which he will submit a bug\nreport</p>\n<h3>Actions 71</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>71.0</td>\n<td>Organise the Dublin meeting</td>\n<td>Alistair</td>\n<td>In progress</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>71.1</td>\n<td>Update road map with ideas from meeting</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>New</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>71.2</td>\n<td>Submit TopCAT bug report</td>\n<td>Milan</td>\n<td>New</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>71.3</td>\n<td>Invite WP4 of Pandata to provide feedback on their experience of ICAT products</td>\n<td>Alistair</td>\n<td>New</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.6</td>\n<td>Test a collection of ICAT parts as Pandata release 003</td>\n<td>Alistair</td>\n<td>In progress</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.9</td>\n<td>Investigate alternative meeting technology</td>\n<td>Kunal</td>\n<td>In progress</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>Pending</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.3</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Pending</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 71 – 31 January 2014","date":"2014-01-31T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-71-31-january-2014/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}