{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-82-22-january-2015/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 81 (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT development (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Christophe)</li>\n<li>IDS development (Steve)</li>\n<li>TopCAT development (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP development (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Installation (Leonardo, Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>2015 F2F Meeting and Steering Group Meeting at DLS (Steve, Andy and\nAlun)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Present : Condie, Steve, Shelley, Wayne, Kevin P, Brian R, Tom,\nChristophe, Matt, Rolf, Milan<br>\nApologies: Kevin Knowles, Andy</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Action 81.1: Steve has confirmed that some work has been done in\nresponse to the PaNdata document. Circulation of response possibly\ndeferred to the F2F meeting.</li>\n<li>Action 81.2: Steve confirmed that the DLS TopCAT 2 requirements have\nbeen circulated.</li>\n<li>Action 81.3: DLS have now been asked for a use case for the TopCAT\nAPI. They did not seem to appreciate that the IDS is an interface.</li>\n<li>Action 81.4: Deferred to the F2F meeting.</li>\n<li>Action 60.3: IJP released and the mailing list has been informed.</li>\n<li>Two ICAT authenticators have been repackaged and released by Steve.\nReplaced the old authenticators and made them easier to use with the\nICAT installer. Snapshot was not released as the new authenticators\ndid not add any new functionality.</li>\n<li>Steve mentioned that he is looking into making the LDAP\nauthenticator work with a functional ID. This feature has been\nrequested by multiple sites in the PaNdata report. Steve is waiting\nto receive input from Milan’s colleague. Steve will release a new\nLDAP snapshot when the enhancements are made.</li>\n<li>Rolf had informed Steve of an authorisation issue when deleting\nitems as any cascading items are also deleted regardless of the\nusers permissions.</li>\n<li>Christophe is in the process of developing the next release of the\nICATManager which is to be released shortly. The new features\nmentioned include editing multiple entities at once, the navigation\nfrom any entity to any related entities order persistence when\nclosing entity tabs.</li>\n<li>IDS 1.3.0 has been released. It is able to work well with data\nstored on tape by datafile rather than dataset and the prepareData\nmechanism has been rewritten to avoid making a copy of the data to\ndownload later. Fix for glassfish bug that caused downloads to be\ntruncated after 15 minutes has been sent out by Steve and added to\nthe ICAT installer. DLS requested alternates to HTTP for downloads\nvia the IDS. Steve mentioned that the alternate solutions must be\nrobust for large quantities of data.</li>\n<li>Wayne reported that he is still in this very early stages of\ndevelopment for TopCAT2. He is also in the process of answering\nRolfs comments in regards to the layout design.</li>\n<li>A snapshot release of the IJP is now available. The IJP components\nhave been have been successfully installed on linux VM’s by two\npeople so far.</li>\n<li>The ICAT installer has been developed by Steve in response to a\ncomplaint by PaNdata. A licence has been obtained to use an\ninstaller generator from BitRock. The installer currently runs\nsuccessfully on linux but has an issue regarding subprocesses on\nwindows. BitRock have been informed and Steve is waiting on a\nresolution.</li>\n<li>The 2015 F2F meeting and Steering Group Meeting dates have been\nnarrowed down to 31st March – 2nd April at DLS. This may be reduced\nto a two day meeting with the exact dates to be confirmed. The\nmeetings agenda is to be released</li>\n</ul>\n<p>soon.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>ITEM</td>\n<td>DESCRIPTION</td>\n<td>ASSIGNED</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.0</td>\n<td>LDAP enhancement to work with a functional ID</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.1</td>\n<td>Cascading deletion authorisation bug</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.2</td>\n<td>Alternate download protocols for IDS</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.3</td>\n<td>Respond to comments on TopCAT 2 layout design</td>\n<td>Wayne</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.4</td>\n<td>ICAT installer windows subprocess issue</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.5</td>\n<td>Release F2F Meeting agenda</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>81.0</td>\n<td>Report bug in eclipselink</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>81.1</td>\n<td>Circulate response to PaNdata document</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 82 – 22 January 2015","date":"2015-01-22T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-82-22-january-2015/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}