---
title: Meeting 13 – 17 December 2010
date: 2010-12-17
---

Actions from ICAT collaboration meeting on 16 December 2010  
13.1 – Alistair Mills – 17 December
2010

|       |                                          |           |        |               |
| ----- | ---------------------------------------- | --------- | ------ | ------------- |
| New   | Description                              | Res`*`(1) | Status | Comment`*`(2) |
| 13.00 | Document this meeting                    | AM        | Ok     | .             |
| 13.01 | Meet again on 6 January 2011 at 1300 GMT | All       | –      | –             |

 

 

|         |                                                                     |           |                                                                        |               |
| ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| Updates | Description                                                         | Res`*`(1) | Status                                                                 | Comment`*`(2) |
| 12.01   | Take responsibility for Code documentation                          | AM        | Write a test for the API which documents the API                       | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.02   | Take responsibility for Installation documentation                  | SN        | Work has been done on this by Ron – distribute it                      | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.03   | Take responsibility for My SQL version of icat                      | RS/AM     | Work has been done on this by Richard                                  | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.04   | Take responsibility for User Authentication                         | TG        | No progress                                                            | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.05   | Take responsibility for Reporting                                   | TG        | Looking at JASPER, BIRT and scientific reports. HG to add to wiki page | End Mar 2011  |
| 12.06   | Take responsibility for Test suite                                  | AM        | There is a test for xmlingest in progress                              | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.07   | Take responsibility for Application server independence             | .         | No progress                                                            | .             |
| 12.08   | Take responsibility for Authorisation/ Permissions                  | SN/AM     | No progress                                                            | End Mar 2011  |
| 12.09   | Take responsibility for XML Ingest                                  | AM/SN     | Multiple threading causes 4% failure. Try single threading             | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.10   | Take responsibility for documenting Data loader (DLS database load) | RD/AM     | Chase Roger about this                                                 | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.11   | Take responsibility for Logging                                     | SF        | Steve has done some work to consolidate in log4j                       | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.12   | Take responsibility for Admin documentation                         | TG        | AM to provide information about the CLF stored procedures              | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.13   | Take responsibility for direct build and test                       | SN        | This is being tested in the CLF project                                | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.14   | Take responsibility for surrogate ids                               | TG        | On going                                                               | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.15   | Take responsibility for document the parameter search               | NC        | Add the documentation to the Google SVN and Wiki                       | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.16   | Take responsibility for API change management                       | SN        | No progress                                                            | End Jan 2011  |
| 12.17   | Provide spec of new method for search                               | NC/HG     | Complete. Sri to verify                                                | Soon          |

 

`*`(1) Collaborators:

|                              |         |           |
| ---------------------------- | ------- | --------- |
|                              | Present | Apologies |
| TG Tom Griffin               | \+      |           |
| SN Sri Nagella               | \+      |           |
| AM Alistair Mills            | \+      |           |
| RS Richard Sinclair          |         | \+        |
| RD Roger Downing             |         |           |
| HG Holger Gebhard            | \+      |           |
| NC Najor Cruzcruz            | \+      |           |
| SF Steve Fisher              |         | \+        |
| RF Ron Fowler                |         | \+        |
| GKM Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui | \+      |           |

 

`*`(2) Comments The dates shown here are the earliest dates when we can
expect to see real progress with the work. The persons responsible will
be expected to provide status on their work at each meeting.

-----
