{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-77-28-august-2014/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 76 (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT development (Steve)</li>\n<li>InvestigationGroup (Rolf/Tom)</li>\n<li>IDS development (Steve)</li>\n<li>TopCAT development (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP development (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Roadmap (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p><strong>Present</strong> : Kunal, Condie, Tom, Kevin, Brian R, Steve, Milan, Rolf,\nShelly and Brian M.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>There were no comments on the minutes</li>\n<li>Action 76.0 – Steve has modified Mantid scripts to generate DOIs and\nstore metadata for the ICAT components.</li>\n<li>Action 75.2 – Tom has obtained balsamiq licences for web use for\nopen source software development.</li>\n<li>Action 75.3 – Wayne has made balsamiq mockups of the proposed new\nTopCAT available.</li>\n<li>Action 75.6 – This can be taken as done.</li>\n<li>Action 61.1 – One of Alistair’s students has been working on the\n“Simple ICAT Browser”</li>\n<li>Action 60.3 – The current IJP development makes a release much more\npractical.</li>\n<li>Steve reported that there had been no progress with the ICAT server\nthis month.</li>\n<li>There was a good discussion on introducing the InvestigationGroup to\nthe schema. Tom was concerned that it could cause confusion by\noffering two ways to do the same thing and that it might have a\nnegative impact upon performance. The agreement was to try the\nInvestigationGroup in the 4.4.0-SNAPSHOT to ensure that there were\nno practical problems. and to document that InvestigationGroup\nshould be used for authz and that  InvestigationUser entries should\nbe used only to indicate specific roles such as PI. The role\nattribute might be made non-optional.</li>\n<li>Steve described what was in the latest IDS SNAPSHOT.  Plugin\ndevelopers may need to update their plugins to suit. A new getLink\ncall has been added. Rolf confirmed that he had no objection to the\nimplementation of getLink.</li>\n<li>Wayne had released the balsamiq mockups of the new TopCAT. These we\nonly made available very recently and it would seem that nobody had\nexamined them yet.</li>\n<li>Steve explained that the batch side of the IJP had been factored out\ninto a different service. Different implementaions could be written\nand the IJP would be able to make use of multiple batch services. He\nhas written one for the simple unix batch/atq/atrm system. Brian R\nis working on a more serious one for IBM Platform LSF.</li>\n<li>Steve having received no input on the roadmap, froze the existing\none as the April version and produced a new draft with those things\nwhich had been released (even if only as SNAPSHOTs) being removed, a\nfew new bits added and dates made more realistic. Tom said his\npriority was for rules controlling access to projections of the\ntables (i.e. only some attributes being available), Shelly expressed\nan interest in the import/export and Tom also said that FUSE access\nwould be very useful. Some work on this has already been carried out\nby a student working for Alistair. The roadmap will be adjusted to\naddress these requests, discussed by e-mail and, if agreed, the word\n“draft” removed next meeting.</li>\n<li>Shelly said that she was going to NOBUGS and asked if anyone else\nwas going. Steve said that he had submitted an IDS abstract and\nwould be going. Brian M pointed out that it clashed with an RDA\nmeeting.</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>ITEM</th>\n<th>DESCRIPTION</th>\n<th>ASSIGNED</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>77.0</td>\n<td>Check the icatgroup list to ensure that people who should be present are added</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>77.1</td>\n<td>Update the roadmap</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>75.1</td>\n<td>Consider using a config file rather than topcatadmin</td>\n<td>Wayne</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>75.4</td>\n<td>Submit TopCAT requirements</td>\n<td>Andy</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.3</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 77 – 28 August 2014","date":"2014-08-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-77-28-august-2014/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}