{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-119-26th-july-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h4>Attendees:</h4>\n<p>Rolf (RK), Stuart (SP), Brian (BR), Chris Prosser (CP), Maxime (MC),\nGeorge (GC), Milan (M)</p>\n<h4>Apologies:</h4>\n<p>Alex, Catherine</p>\n<h4>Actions from previous:</h4>\n<p>113.2 – Stuart to speak to Catherine about this. Probably delayed till\nafter August. Stuart asked if it could be attached to the NoBugs meeting\nbut RK and MC are not attending.</p>\n<h4>ICAT Components:</h4>\n<h5>ICAT Server (SP):</h5>\n<ul>\n<li>Updated ICAT installation tutorial to use Payara and latest versions</li>\n<li>Rolf brings up point on proxy configuration for ICAT. Not present in\ntutorial.</li>\n<li>Non-ascii characters are not correctly returned from the REST API.\nRK and SP investigating the cause.</li>\n</ul>\n<h5>Topcat (BR)</h5>\n<ul>\n<li>Rewritten Topcat getsize to use IDS API.</li>\n<li>Reference to Topcat.css issue resolved.</li>\n</ul>\n<p><strong>IJP (BR), IDS (RK) and Python ICAT (RK)</strong> – Nothing to report.</p>\n<h4>Site Updates</h4>\n<p><strong>Diamond (CP), ESRF (MC)</strong> – Nothing to report</p>\n<p><strong>HZB (RK)</strong> – Rolf reports he is installing the ICAT components to new\nmachines in August.</p>\n<h4>Waffle.IO tickets</h4>\n<p>#87 locking and threading problem in file explorer resolved, could be\nincluded in next release. SP says this could be released in September.</p>\n<p>RK says he may be able to look at other schema changes in August.<br>\nItem Description\nAssigned</p>\n<h4>Actions</h4>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the discussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>119.1</td>\n<td>Review and update instructions for Apache proxy configuration.</td>\n<td>SP and RK</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting scheduled for Thursday 23rd August 3pm UK time.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 119 – 26th July 2018","date":"2018-07-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-119-26th-july-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}