{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-114-22nd-february-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Attendees</h1>\n<p>Stuart Pullinger (SP), Silvia Da Graca Ramos, (SR), Brian Ritchie, (BR),\nRolf Krhl (RK), Alex de Maria (AM), Maxime Chaillet (MC).</p>\n<p>Apologies: Andy Gotz, Catherine Jones.</p>\n<h1>Actions from previous</h1>\n<p><strong>102.2 –</strong> BR still working on this.</p>\n<p><strong>113.1 –</strong> SP has looked and commented on one of the pull requests for\nIDS server. Still another for SP to look at as well as new pull request\nfrom RK on IDS plugin regarding abstract class changes.</p>\n<p><strong>113.2 –</strong> CJ will organise the Topcat development meeting for before\nsteering committee meeting.</p>\n<h1>ICAT Components</h1>\n<p><strong>Website and Manual –</strong> SP reports he is working on the website as well\nas updating the manual and hopes to have something to show by March for\nsteering committee meeting.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS Server –</strong> RK reports IDS server 1.9.0 snapshot created, includes\nnew locking mechanism that’s been in master since August and the pull\nrequests that are still pending.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS Plugin –</strong> RK reports 1.4.0 snapshot created. This release\nsimplifies the abstract classes, along with new documentation.</p>\n<h1>Site Updates</h1>\n<p><strong>Diamond</strong> – SR reports diamond IDS updated to 1.8 on preprod with no\nproblems, along with more Glassfish to Payara updates</p>\n<p><strong>ESRF</strong> – AM reports updating from ICAT server 4.8 to 4.9.1 to fix\nperformance issue with updating investigation with thousands of\ndatasets. Also updating from Glassfish to Payara, SP mentions install\nscript version problem but AM already aware.</p>\n<h1>AOB</h1>\n<p>AM asks about the Lucene index, RK confirms it is only required for text\nsearching ICAT and not anything else. SR mentions if using Lucene and\ndatabase manually edited the Lucene Index will need force updating.</p>\n<p>RK mentions he still needs title of talks for RDA meeting in March. Also\nRK mentions that the next scheduled monthly meeting will be in the same\nweek as the steering committee meeting so it’s decided to rearrange the\nmonthly meeting to the 29^(th) of\nMarch.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.1</td>\n<td>Look at Rolfs IDS Server and IDS Plugin pull request</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the discussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 114 – 22nd February 2018","date":"2018-02-02T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-114-22nd-february-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}