{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-02/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>ICAT Steering Committee Meeting</h1>\n<p>Minutes – 1st April 2015 – 14:00 – DLS – UK</p>\n<p>0. Attendance</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Brian Matthews (BM), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Tom Griffin (TG), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Andy Goetz (AG), ESRF</li>\n<li>Shelly Ren (SR), SNS</li>\n<li>Alun Ashton (AA), DLS</li>\n<li>Kevin Knowles (KK), STFC, ISIS</li>\n<li>Alistair Mills (AM), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Steve Fisher (SF), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n</ul>\n<p>1. Review of actions from meeting in May 2014</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Write minutes – Alistair.</li>\n<li>September meeting – did not happen.</li>\n<li>Mailing list – a list has been created.</li>\n<li>Discuss chairmanship with Andy – Done (By JFP).</li>\n<li>Survey of requirements for TopCAT – Wayne – Done.</li>\n<li>Roadmap feedback – Received.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>It was agreed that the minutes of the Steering Committee meeting should\nbe open to all. They will be posted on the icatproject.org website and a\nnote sent to the ICAT mailing list.</p>\n<p>2. Election of new SC secretary</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Alistair Mills is retiring from STFC and hence the secretary role.</li>\n<li>Tom was proposed as the new secretary (Andy, seconded by Brian) and\ncarried nem con.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>3. Review of SC terms of reference</p>\n<ul>\n<li>The terms of reference document will be added to the icatproject.org\nwebsite (Action 2.1)</li>\n<li>Andy raised that the voting criteria are not stated. It was agreed\nthis should be simple majority, with the chair having the casting\nvote in the event of a tie. (Action 2.2)</li>\n<li>Alun asked when/if should members be removed for the Steering\ncommittee e.g. ELETTRA. It was agreed that active involvement is\nkey, but this was not clearly defined. Any partner not active for 1\nyear will be reviewed by the steering committee.</li>\n<li>Andy to talk to Milan/ELETTRA to see if they wish to continue.\n(Action 2.3)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>4. Review of membership</p>\n<ul>\n<li>The status of CLF vs LSF (a division in an STFC department) was\ndiscussed. Brian is to check with CLF/LSF that they are represented\nby Rob Clarke. (Action 2.4)</li>\n<li>HZB – data collection will continue at the neutron source until 2019.\nRolf is now permanent. Andy to invite HZB to join the steering committee (Action 2.5)</li>\n<li>PSI – The committee received a request from Leonardo Sala PSI\nrequesting to join the SC with Jan Solca as representative. PSI have\nnot attended monthly meetings</li>\n<li>Andy to email Jan/PSI welcoming them in principle – when they\nbecome active, including monthly meetings. This should be extended\nto all interested parties (Action 2.6)</li>\n<li>A general note to be written on membership of this committee (Action\n2.7)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>5. Googlecode is shutting down – where should ICAT move to?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>It was unanimously agreed to move to GitHub.</li>\n<li>There was a short discussion of push vs pull requests.</li>\n<li>The licence's ICAT is released under was queried. It is currently\nApache v2 and BSD. There was as short discussion on whether or not\nall files have the licence in them.</li>\n<li>Action on Steve – move all projects to Apache v2 licence. (2.8)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>6. Roadmap update and endorsement</p>\n<ul>\n<li>as presented by Steve at the developer meeting.</li>\n<li>Steve to update the roadmap and dates, and circulate (Action 2.9)</li>\n<li>GlobusOnline was discussed and confirmed as a key requirement for\nlarge data transfer by Diamond and ORNL.</li>\n<li>Shelly queried using external authorisation mechanisms (LDAP).\nShelly to write a specification (Action 2.10)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>7. Website future contributions</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Andy reported that things are missing or difficult to find on the\nwebsite. He described TANGO's positive experience of getting a\ncommunications person involved</li>\n<li>Tom to ask for help from STFC comms staff (Action 2.11)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>8. Review of ICAT resources</p>\n<ul>\n<li>STFC/SCD provides the core development effort and supports STFC\nfacilities : total of ~3FTEs working on ICAT related projects,\nthough this includes projects to meet internal requirements for the\nfacilities such as most CLF work.</li>\n<li>ISIS: Condie is split 50% on the ISIS pipeline , 50% on TopCATv2.</li>\n<li>ESRF: Christophe has provided the ICATManager and Nexus explorer. A\npermanent post would have some time to contribute to 'core' ICAT.\nICATManager is to be moved to GitHub (under icatproject).</li>\n<li>HZB: Rolf has contributed PythonICAT.</li>\n<li>The status of Mantid was queried. It was confirmed to be continuing\nusing ICAT.</li>\n<li>Dawn – ICAT component unsupported and not continuing.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>9. Boundaries of ICAT</p>\n<ul>\n<li>The definition of the official ICAT was discussed – where does\ncontrib begin, when does a component become 'official'. (e.g.\nPythonICAT, ICATManager)</li>\n<li>Shelly queried if anyone used PythonICAT in production.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>10. AOB</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Brian queried the status of Wildfly support. Answer: ICAT will\nsupport WildFly and GlassFish later this year. Development and\ntesting will focus on WildFly as the default platform.</li>\n<li>Brian thanked to Alistair Mill for setting up the steering committee\nand all his efforts on ICAT.</li>\n<li>Alistair reiterated the issues people have with the website and\ndocumentation, and getting started when it is installed – in his\nview this is the main issue ICAT needs to solve. Andy said this not\nthe only problem. The gap between what they have and what ICAT does\nis too big – no metadata and no usecase.</li>\n<li>Shelly said it would help people getting started to provide a\ngeneric Nexus ingestor.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Actions:</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>No.</th>\n<th>Sec.</th>\n<th>Detail</th>\n<th>Resp.</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>2.1</td>\n<td>3</td>\n<td>Add the steering committee terms of reference to the icatproject website</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.2</td>\n<td>3</td>\n<td>Update the ToR to include a section on voting</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.3</td>\n<td>4</td>\n<td>Ask ELETTRA if they wish to continue on the Steering committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.4</td>\n<td>4</td>\n<td>Check with CLF/LSF that they are correctly represented</td>\n<td>BM</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.5</td>\n<td>4</td>\n<td>Invite HZB to join the steering committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.6</td>\n<td>4</td>\n<td>Contact PSI, DESY, ALBA, MAXLab and ESS about their involvement in the project and committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.7</td>\n<td>4</td>\n<td>Write a general note on criteria for membership of the steering committee</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.8</td>\n<td>5</td>\n<td>Move all ICAT projects to Apache v2 licence and GitHub</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.9</td>\n<td>6</td>\n<td>Update the roadmap and dates, and circulate</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.10</td>\n<td>6</td>\n<td>Write a specification of external authorization service</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.11</td>\n<td>7</td>\n<td>Ask communications for help to review web site</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.12</td>\n<td>7.</td>\n<td>Arrange the next meeting for 6 months time (tele/video-conference)</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting: 6 months – TC/VC</p>\n<p>AG: ICAT at the next NOBUGS: Autumn 2016 at ESS</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 02","date":null}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-02/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}