{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-84-30-april-2015/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 83 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>FUSE (Condie)</li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Installation (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Migration to git/github (Steve)</li>\n<li>RoadMap (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Present: Condie, Steve, Tom, Wayne, Kevin P, Brian R, Fazer, Rolf, Milan</p>\n<p>Apologies: Andy</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Action 83.0: The IDS alternate download protocol diagram was\nreplaced by a presentation shown at the F2F meeting.</li>\n<li>Action 83.1: Customer representatives from facilities invited to\nTopCAT v2 sprint review meetings with overall positive feedback.</li>\n<li>Action 83.2: TopCAT v2 layout mockups finalised and circulated.</li>\n<li>Action 82.2: Not being kept as a specific action and is being\nreplacement by on going discussions for each related component in\nthe agenda.</li>\n<li>Action 81.1: Response to PaNdata document has been circulated.</li>\n<li>Since the previous meeting Steve informed the group that a few bugs\nhave been brought to light in the latest release of ICAT. The first\nbeing that the export call of the ICAT RESTful interface does not\nalways produce properly formatted output. Issues surrounding the\ninstallation of ICAT with recent versions of Java were also reported\nby Rolf and Tom.</li>\n<li>Rolf informed the group that a new release of Python-ICAT is\nimminent, given that no new bugs or feature requests emerge. The\nrelease will include example scipts for using the ICAT import and\nexport with REST.</li>\n<li>ICAT-FUSE is still being developed with work still required to find\na fix to how Fuse handles ‘move to recycle bin’ in nautilus.</li>\n<li>Kevin mentioned that a functioning version of WebDAV will be put\ninto production by Artemis over the next month or so. A full version\nthat can be used by different ICAT implementations will be looked at\nafter the Artimus implementation is deployed.</li>\n<li>Wayne mentioned that TopCAT v2 development is underway with the\nlogin/authentication, meta data panel engine being complete.</li>\n<li>An AngularJs version of IJP is currently being developed by Brian.</li>\n<li>Shelley has requested the Mac Os compatibility be included in the\nICAT Installer. Steve to look into the complexity of this before\ndeciding whether or not to proceed with adding this functionality.</li>\n<li>Steve spoke about some of the current work he is undergoing to\nmigrate the ICAT codebase away from google code to Git. The existing\nSVN repositories need to be split into multiple repositories in\norder to match the definition of a repository in Git. This will also\nrequire some manual cleanup of branches and tags. The wikis and\nissues to also be manually moved to Git/Github, however issues will\nnot retain its history to simplify this process. Total migration is\nstill a few months away from\ncompletion.</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>ITEM</td>\n<td>DESCRIPTION</td>\n<td>ASSIGNED</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>84.0</td>\n<td>Invite Jianguo to the monthly ICAT meetings</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>84.1</td>\n<td>Circulate Git book details</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>84.2</td>\n<td>Schedule TopCAT v2 sprint review meetings</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>84.3</td>\n<td>Create backup of SVN</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>84.4</td>\n<td>Update RoadMap</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.0</td>\n<td>LDAP enhancement to work with a functional ID</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>81.0</td>\n<td>Report bug in eclipselink</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 84 – 30 April 2015","date":"2015-04-30T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-84-30-april-2015/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}