{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-40-26-july-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Agenda 40</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 14 June (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT 4.1 – Status (Steve)</li>\n<li>Plans for ICAT 4.2 (Tom)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for DLS (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for ISIS (Tom)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.1 for CLF (Steve)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Any)</p>\n<h3>Actions 40</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>40.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>40.01</td>\n<td>Investigate XMLIngest with new API – can it be generic?</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>On-going</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>40.02</td>\n<td>Organise ICAT presence at NOBUGS and its ICAT workshop</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>On-going</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>40.03</td>\n<td>Provide data to Ghita in ICAT 4.1/4.2 format</td>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>–</td>\n<td>Assigned to Ghita for the moment to make sure it is not forgotten.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 40</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Notes 40</h3>\n<p>Steve mentioned the timing issue in 4.1</p>\n<p>Tom indicated that ISIS would like XMLIngest back – but they will modify\nit to use the new API efficiently and attempt to make it generic.</p>\n<p>The purpose and format of the ICAT workshop at NOBUGS was discussed. It\nwas thought that a tutorial might be useful. Neither Alistair nor Steve\nwill be present.</p>\n<p>Ghita would like some data in an ICAT 4.1 to test her eclipse plugin.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 40 – 26 July 2012","date":"2012-07-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-40-26-july-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}