{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-93-28-january-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 92 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>FUSE (Alex)</li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody) – with demo</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Alex)</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Frazer, Jody, Jianguo, Steve, Brian R, Kevin, Tom,  Rolf, Alex\ndM and Shelley</p>\n<p>Apologizes: Alex PD.</p>\n<p>Action 92.0 Provide feedback on the ICAT enhancements paper.  Some have\nbeen provided this can be marked as done.</p>\n<p>Action 92.1Provide feedback on the idea of adding a DOI attribute to the\nDatafileCollection. There have been no objections so it will happen in\nICAT 4.7</p>\n<p>Action 92.3 Rolf has produced a python-icat survey but has only three\nresponses so far.</p>\n<p>Action 91.0 Peter has added his Puppet modules to contrib and included a\nlink to Travis</p>\n<p>Action 85.3 Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub. The action\nwas transferred from Andy to Alex de Maria.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve reported on progress with ICAT 4.6 which is almost ready to go\nout with the following new features:\n<ul>\n<li>“getProperties()” restful call to find out what can be revealed\nabout a server without a sessionId. This includes maxEntities\nand information about the available authenticators. Requires\nupdated authenticators</li>\n<li>New calls added to the restful interface for lucene queries.</li>\n<li>Documentation for the restful interface is now generated by\nMireDot.</li>\n<li>Changes to properties files to work with container independent\nsetup script.</li>\n<li>Change from log4j to slf4j with logback</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Steve also reported that ICAT 4.7 is in a good state with the\nfollowing features:\n<ul>\n<li>A restful select can mention multiple quantities to be returned</li>\n<li>A major re-write of the authorization code should make it more\nefficient in most cases as all the work is carried out by the\ndatabase unless the INCLUDE mechanism is used.</li>\n<li>COUNT queries will not fail because they are are counting more\nthan maxEntities values</li>\n<li>A couple of bugs in eclipse link result in incorrect information\nbeing returned. One of these bugs was trapped previously but\nwith the generality of the queries now supported it has become\nimpractical to trap.</li>\n<li>A restful delete(Many) call has been added. Authz is applied to\nall entities involved</li>\n<li>A restful write call to do both create(Many) and update(Many)\nhas been written. Notifications are sent for all objects created\nand/or updated. Authz is also applied to all new or updated\nentries.</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>This was followed by a discussion about Rolf’s pull request to add a\nSOAP call to be able to find out about the authenticators (which is\ncurrently only available in the SOAP call). Steve wants to support\nthe SOAP web service while it is needed – which will of course\ninclude bug fixes – but not to enhance it. He considers that the\nextra efficiency of the RESTful interface means that new application\ncode should avoid the SOAP API. Shelley said she was happy to have\nonly RESTful and Kevin emphasised the need to maintain the SOAP\ninterface while it is needed by existing code.</li>\n<li>Alex dM is starting to familiarise himself with the ICAT manager. He\nplans to visit RAL soon.</li>\n<li>A small change is being made to the JMS messages that the Dashboard\ncan pick up from the IDS. Rolf has found a possible bug and is\ninvestigating more possible race conditions.</li>\n<li>Jody then gave a demo of TopCAT. The new interface was generally\nappreciated. Alex dM suggests that Jody make a screencast of his\ndemo.  Shelley asked whether it would be possible for users\nto annotate metadata to help with re-running auto-reduction of\ntheir data.  This is not possible at present, but may be considered\nin future (along with other features such as the ability to mint\nDOIs).  Steve asked whether there are known performance issues\nwith large volumes of data. There is no problem with ISIS but the\nDiamond data has not been indexed yet.</li>\n<li>Steve reported that  from Alex PD had reported that a sprint review\nwould be held mid February. It was suggested to give a demo at the\nnext ICAT meeting.</li>\n<li>Concerning the F2F meeting which we hope to co-locate with NOBUGS,\nSteve has not received a reply yet from the organisers.</li>\n<li>Rolf reported they have a new person, “Michael Hellmig”.</li>\n<li>Tom reported that there are now 1.1 billion files in the Diamond\nICAT catalogue. They are not yet indexed – with an estimated four\nmonths to build the lucene index. (Note that at the time of writing\nthese minutes the estimate is now four and a half days.)</li>\n<li>Shelley said they have a second facility and are considering using\nthe same ICAT instance for both. Kevin pointed out that for\nCLF separate ICAT instances are used for each laser, as their\nnon-overlapping downtimes would otherwise make it difficult to\nschedule upgrades.</li>\n<li>Alex dM asked whether TopCAT would be able to cope with different\nversions of ICAT and IDS. The general view was that this should be\npossible except for very old</li>\n</ul>\n<p>versions.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th><strong>Item</strong></th>\n<th><strong>Description</strong></th>\n<th><strong>Assigned</strong></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>93.0</td>\n<td>Make screencast of TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Jody</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>93.1</td>\n<td>Demo of dashboard</td>\n<td>Alex PD</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>92.2</td>\n<td>Provide information on LSF’s use and potential future use of ICAT components.</td>\n<td>Jianguo</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.3</td>\n<td>Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub</td>\n<td>Alex dM</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 93 – 28 January 2016","date":"2016-01-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-93-28-january-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}