{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-99-28-july-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 98 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE (Alex P-D)</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R &#x26; Becky)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 and NOBUGS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Jody, Becky, Tom Gowland, Brian R, Rolf, Jianguo,\nShelley, Peter and Milan</p>\n<p>Apologies: Cathy and Frazer</p>\n<p>Action 96.0: Tom Griffin has asked Tom Gowland to 96.0 produce a\nscreencast to demo TopCAT.</p>\n<p>Action 96.1: A final snapshot of the Dashboard was made by Alex PD.</p>\n<p>Action 98.0: A Miredot licence for the IJP has been obtained.</p>\n<p>Action 98.2: Rolf has distributed a pointer to the HZB data policy.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT: Steve reported that he is working on adding roles for single\nattributes. The purpose of this is to allow investigators to control\ntheir DOI but not to be able to fiddle with other parts. There has\nalso been discussion of removal of the old query language. Steve\nsuggests that the main part of the documentation should only discuss\nJPQL and that there should be an appendix added to discuss the old\nquery language as some still like it (Rolf included).</li>\n<li>SmartClient: Steve reported that the SmartClient will be integrated\ninto the next TopCAT release.</li>\n<li>WebDAV: Tom reported that he will be continuing Alex PD’s work on\nWebDAV following a meeting with Kevin to be arranged next week.</li>\n<li>TopCAT: Jody reported that he has released TopCAT 2.1.0 which added\na feature which shows a user’s full name next to their login and\nwhich also fixes some bugs. He also reported that there is now a\n2.2.0 milestone in GitHub with tickets that need completing. The\nlargest issue is DOI publishing. Steve mentioned that this is\ndependent on the next ICAT release which will include the ability to\ncontrol update access to individual attributes.</li>\n<li>IJP: Brian R reported that the main changes to IJP have been to the\nrestful interface so that the GUI can access it. Becky reported that\nthe IJP GUI is now in development and has reached the point where it\nhas all of the features of the old GUI. Becky also reported that\nthere has been a test deployment of the IJP GUI in Octopus. The hope\nis that the GUI can be extended to be available to other groups\noutside of Octopus in the future.</li>\n<li>NOBUGS: Steve reported that all of the NOBUGS abstracts have now\nbeen sent off and most are still awaiting a response.</li>\n<li>Rolf asked when there will be an agenda set up for the face to face\nmeeting for 2016. Steve replied that he was going to base the agenda\non who is coming to the meeting as the content should vary dependent\non how many newcomers there</li>\n</ul>\n<p>are.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.1</td>\n<td>Publish state for STFC production deployments</td>\n<td>Kevin and Tom Griffin</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>99.0</td>\n<td>Produce a screencast for the TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Tom Gowland</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 99 – 28 July 2016","date":"2016-07-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-99-28-july-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}