{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-66-19-september-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meeting 65 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Update from Pandata (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Steve)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 66</h3>\n<p>Present: Alistair (STFC/chair), Frazer (ISIS), Tom (ISIS), George\n(Elettra), Milan (Elettra), Julien (ESRF), Shelly (SNS) and Steve (STFC)</p>\n<p>Apologies: Jamie (ILL)</p>\n<p>The date of the ICAT face to face meeting in 2014 was discussed. The\nfinal Pandata meeting is scheduled for 29 March 2014 in Dublin to meet\nin the same week as the RDA meeting in Dublin. The last three face to\nface meetings in 2011 (Paris), 2012 (Grenoble) and 2013 (Lund) were\nschedule to meet in the same week as a Pandata meeting. It was agreed\nthat we would defer a decision on the date until more information is\navailable about a successor project to Pandata. It is likely that\nICAT-2014 will be in May 2014. We will try to settle the data by\nDecember 2013.</p>\n<p>Tom reported that a bug in\nNxIngest<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/NxIngest\">?</a> had\nbeen detected and corrected.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that the snapshots for ICAT 4.3 and related components\nare available and he would like more feedback.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that progress on IDS 1.0 was good, and that it should be\navailable in October/November.</p>\n<p>Tom reported that Mantid now supports ICAT 4.2.</p>\n<p>Shelly reported that SNS is now investigating the use of ICAT with\nautoreduction.</p>\n<p>Alistair reported that he is arranging a two day training course for\ntechnical people in Pandata. The training will include the installation,\ndeployment and operations of the latest ICAT materials including their\nintegration with Apache. The training will also cover Topcat, IDS,\nUmbrella.</p>\n<p>The meeting concluded at\n15h30.</p>\n<h3>Actions 66</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.01</td>\n<td>Fix the dates of the ICAT and Pandata meetings in Spring 2014</td>\n<td>TG/AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.02</td>\n<td>Send a note to TG about Nxingest</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.03</td>\n<td>Send a note to the icat collaboration about the training for Pandata</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/pandata/wiki/TrainingSwInstallation\">https://code.google.com/p/pandata/wiki/TrainingSwInstallation</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.04</td>\n<td>Discuss autoreduction with Erica Yang and Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>65.02</td>\n<td>Provide feedback on ICAT 4.3 and its related parts</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>On-going</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>64.02</td>\n<td>Schedule a web cast on the contents of ICAT 4.3 for September</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 66 – 19 September 2013","date":"2013-09-19T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-66-19-september-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}