{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-70-12-december-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 69 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 and related parts such as authn (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of TopCAT (Wayne)</li>\n<li>Training and SV for Panadata (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 70</h3>\n<p>Present: Steve, Wayne, Alistair, Shelly, Tom</p>\n<p>The actions were reviewed and their stati updated/</p>\n<p>The face to face meeting for 2014 has been set for 24-25 March. The\nvenue is the Department of Computer Science at Trinity College, Dublin.</p>\n<p>There will be releases of ICAT, Topcat, Authn_shib and IDS around the\nend of 2013, or the beginning of 2014.</p>\n<p>A collection of ICAT parts will be tested as a group and adopted by\nPandata as part of the Pandata software stack release in January 2014.</p>\n<p>There is a need to investigate the use of ICATs sharing a single lucene\nindex.</p>\n<p>There was discussion about the ICAT collaboration meetings. It was\nagreed to reduce the frequency of meetings from fortnightly to monthly.\nIt was agreed to investigate the use of alternative technology for the\nmeetings. The present arrangements with voice only connections in a\ntelephone conference does not support visual means of\ncommunication.</p>\n<h3>Actions 70</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.0</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.1</td>\n<td>See Juan about the ICAT meeting in Dublin</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.2</td>\n<td>Close actions 66.04 and 64.02</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.3</td>\n<td>Release ICAT 4.3.1</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.4</td>\n<td>Release update to the SNAPSHOT IDS and the python api</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.5</td>\n<td>Release Topcat 1.11</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.6</td>\n<td>Test a collection of ICAT parts as Pandata release 003</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>In progress</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.7</td>\n<td>Investigate 2 icats sharing a lucene index</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>To be considered as part of the Road Map</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.8</td>\n<td>Release the shibboleth authenticator for use by Umbrella</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>70.9</td>\n<td>Schedule a set of meetings for ICAT in 2014 and investigate alternative technology</td>\n<td>Kunal</td>\n<td>In progress – transferred to Kunal</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 70 – 12 December 2013","date":"2013-12-12T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-70-12-december-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}