{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-113-8th-february-2018-(january-meeting-delayed)/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Attendees: Catherine Jones (CJ), Brian Ritchie (BR) , Rolf Krahl (RK),\nBrian Matthew (BM), Milan (M), Andy Gotz (AG), Alex de Maria (AM)</p>\n<p>Apologies: Stuart Pullinger</p>\n<h1>Actions from previous:</h1>\n<p><strong>102.2</strong> – BR is still working on this!</p>\n<p><strong>112.1</strong> – SP has granted RK access to the GitHub repository.</p>\n<h1>ICAT Components:</h1>\n<p><strong>IDS –</strong> RK reports he’s added the new locking mechanism ready for the\n1.9 release. Most open issues for 1.9 are complete. RK is also waiting\nfor SP to review the Pull Requests open in GitHub as it decided at the\nF2F to review code before merging.</p>\n<p><strong>Topcat</strong> – BR reports no changes recently except getting the Travis\nbuild working. Screen flicker issue reported again and BR has found a\nfix but it is going to require more testing to make sure it doesn’t\nbreak anything else.</p>\n<p>Nothing to report on all other components.</p>\n<h1>Site Updates</h1>\n<p><strong>Diamond</strong> – CJ reports on behalf of SP that diamond have moved their\npreprod to Payara, no problems apart from changing the setup scripts for\nthe old components as already known.</p>\n<p><strong>ESRF</strong> – AM reports they have a basic version implemented of automatic\nDOI minting for new investigations with a dynamically created landing\npage. Currently using test DOIs to check everything is working correctly\nbefore putting into production.</p>\n<p><strong>Milan</strong> – Announces it now official that the EST will be using the\nICAT stack.</p>\n<h1>RDA Berlin Meeting</h1>\n<p>RK reminds us of the RDA meeting in March with the 2-day meeting before\n19 ^(th) /20 ^(th) . RK asks if ESRF would like to present at the\nworkshop. AM says he could talk about something like ‘how to map nexus\nfiles to ICAT’ or the ‘overview of data management at ESRF’. Anyone who\nwants to should send ideas for contributions to RK. ICAT steering\ncommittee meeting set to go ahead even though AG cannot attend in\nperson.</p>\n<h1>PaNOSC</h1>\n<p>AG explains they’re looking at create a federated API that can be used\nto access ICAT and other data cataloguing systems. The project also\ninvolves looking at data policies and data stewardship and checking\ntheir compliance with the FAIR data principles.</p>\n<h1>AOB</h1>\n<p>AM suggests thinking about the replacement for Topcat and how can the\nESRF make their requirements known. CJ suggests a separate meeting\nshould be scheduled to find out what’s essential from each of the\nfacilities using Topcat, and then a technology can be decided on. It is\ndecided to hold this before the Berlin meeting so discussion can\ncontinue there.</p>\n<p>CJ announces STFC has successfully recruited a Topcat developer due to\nstart in the summer and that a graduate will be joining us in the autumn\nto work on the ICAT stack.</p>\n<h1>Actions **</h1>\n<p>**</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.1</td>\n<td>Look at Rolfs IDS pull request</td>\n<td>Stuart Pullinger</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 113 – 8th February 2018 (January Meeting delayed)","date":"2018-02-08T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-113-8th-february-2018-(january-meeting-delayed)/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}