{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-03/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>ICAT Steering Group Meeting #3</h1>\n<p>9th December 2015 15:00GMT<br>\nVideo/Phone meeting (Bluejeans)</p>\n<p>Attendance</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve Fisher (SF), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Tom Griffin (TG), STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n<li>Andy Goetz (AG), ESRF</li>\n<li>Milan Prica (MP), ELETTRA</li>\n<li>Shelly Ren (SR), SNS</li>\n<li>Alun Ashton (AA), Diamond</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf Krahl, HZB</li>\n<li>Brian Matthews, STFC, Scientific Computing</li>\n</ul>\n<p>1. Welcome\nAG welcomed those present. Apologies were received from Rolf Krahl and\nBrian Matthews.</p>\n<p>2. Actions of the previous meeting</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>No.</th>\n<th>Detail</th>\n<th>Resp.</th>\n<th>Status</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>2.1  </td>\n<td>Add the steering committee terms of reference to the icatproject website</td>\n<td> TG</td>\n<td> Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.2</td>\n<td>Update the ToR to include a section on voting</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Not Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.3</td>\n<td>Ask ELETTRA if they wish to continue on the Steering committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n<td>Done- Milan is ELETTRA's representive</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.4</td>\n<td>Check with CLF/LSF that they are correctly represented</td>\n<td>BM</td>\n<td>TG to discuss with BM and CLF</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.5</td>\n<td>Invite HZB to join the steering committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n<td>Complete – Rolf is HZB's representative</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.6</td>\n<td>Contact PSI, DESY, ALBA, MAXLab and ESS about their involvement in the project and committee</td>\n<td>AG</td>\n<td>Done.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.7</td>\n<td>Write a general note on criteria for membership of the steering committee</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Not done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.8</td>\n<td>Move all ICAT projects to Apache v2 licence and GitHub</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.9</td>\n<td>Update the roadmap and dates, and circulate</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.10</td>\n<td>Write a specification of external authorization service</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Not done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.11</td>\n<td>Ask communications for help to review web site</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>SCD has recruited an impact manager. TG to discuss with them</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.12</td>\n<td>Arrange the next meeting for 6 months time (tele/video-conference)</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>3. Review of membership<br>\nNo business</p>\n<p>4. Status of Components<br>\nSee Steve's slides<br>\nShelly asked about Dashboard – management information<br>\nShelly asked about Glassfish and Wildfly – answer – both will be\nsupported.</p>\n<p>5. Roadmap<br>\nSee slides<br>\nMove to Wildfly/hibernate testing revealed issues in the existing code.</p>\n<p><strong>Facility requests/comments</strong></p>\n<p>Shelly: SNS is working on automatic roll-out via Puppet to help ease\nrollout. Will be shared via GitHub.<br>\nTom – We should consider the role of Docker in releasing and running\nICAT.<br>\nAndy – data policy will be rolled out at ESRF; Request to embed DOI\nissuing in ICAT/TopCAT.<br>\nShelly – documentation is a major issue;<br>\nAndy – suggested a  workshop could spend 1/2 day fixing documentation;</p>\n<p>Globus: Tom explained Globus; Andy reported that CERN move all data with\nFTS3 and it could be integrated in ICAT, it is percieved to be even\neasier to use than Globus.</p>\n<p>Cloud/Docker – it is possible to build whole VM, but fairly\nuninteresting. It is better to package individual components – could\nlead to a more scalable system.<br>\nShelly – install has been too fragile and unclear errors in the past.</p>\n<p>7. Website<br>\nICATProject.org had been 'hacked' The root cause was probably simply a\nweak password. Steve has since hardened  security significantly.</p>\n<p>8. Review of ICAT resources</p>\n<p>No business</p>\n<p>9. AOB.</p>\n<p>No business</p>\n<p>10. Next meeting/Developer meeting<br>\nIt was agreed that the next SC meeting should be face-to-face and\n Colocated with NoBUGS2016 in Copenhagen.</p>\n<p>A developer meeting will be held at the same time.</p>\n<p>New Actions</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>No.</th>\n<th>Detail</th>\n<th>Resp.</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>2.2</td>\n<td>Update the ToR to include a section on voting</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.4</td>\n<td>Check with CLF/LSF that they are correctly represented</td>\n<td>TG &#x26; BM</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.7</td>\n<td>Write a general note on criteria for membership of the steering committee</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.10</td>\n<td>Write a specification of external authorization service</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>2.11</td>\n<td>Ask communications for help to review web site</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 03","date":null}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/steering-group/meeting-03/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}