{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-107-25-may-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h4>Agenda:</h4>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 106 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Review of website (Andy)</li>\n<li>Next F2F Meeting</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Brian, Frazer, Kevin, Stuart Pullinger, Milan and Peter</p>\n<p>Apologies: Rolf, Alex, Andy, Sylvie, Tom Gowland and Jody</p>\n<h4><strong>Actions from 106</strong></h4>\n<p>None have been addressed</p>\n<h4>Component Development</h4>\n<p><strong>ICAT</strong> – Steve reported that he has started work on releasing those\ncomponents that have been tested on Payara; but he will not announce\nuntil all are complete. Some problems were encountered as some\ncomponents had not been updated since the move to repo.icatproject.org.</p>\n<p>Having tested the ICAT performance (using the DLS ingest code) on ICAT\n4.6, 4.8 and 4.8, Steve found that they are all roughly the same;\nhowever 4.9.0 is significantly slower with icat.lucene enabled and\ndeployed on the same machine. He will continue the investigation but\nwill not delay releases, though 4.9.0 will carry a warning.</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT Manager</strong> – Stuart reported that the link on icatproject.org\nis broken. It will be reported.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS</strong> – Steve has not yet had time to sort out whatever is stopping\nRolf carrying out IDS development, and suggests that an independent\nattempt at deployment may be informative. A number of bug fixes have\nbeen prepared, mostly to improve performance. The behaviour of the\nOracle query planner seems to suggest that LIMIT clauses should be\navoided when dealing with large tables. The new properties regime for\nthe IDS requires revised versions of the plugins.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP</strong> – Brian reported that he has been trying a different IJP\nconfiguration with the server and batch connector on different systems.\nThis works, but has led to small changes to ijp.demo. He has also\nrevised the documentation for ijp.server (though this has still to be\nreleased).</p>\n<h4><strong>Review of Website</strong></h4>\n<p>Stuart reported that he has been following the instructions on\nicatproject.org to install the ICAT components, and estimates he is\nabout half-way through. He has made copious notes on his experiences,\nand will share them in due course.</p>\n<h4>Next F2F Meeting</h4>\n<p>Steve mentioned that we should start thinking about the next F2F\nmeeting; where it should be (co-located with xxx???) and what form it\nshould take . Steve said that he would ask Andy to take this to the\nsteering group.</p>\n<h4>AOB and Issues from production deployments</h4>\n<p>None reported. Milan and Peter may be absent for the next meeting, due\nto an adjacent meeting in\nGrenoble.</p>\n<h4>Actions</h4>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.1</td>\n<td>Produce a report detailing the suggested schema changes</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>107.1</td>\n<td>Ask Andy to consider next F2F meeting</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 107 – 25 May 2017","date":"2017-05-25T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-107-25-may-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}