{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-102-17-november-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 101 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Copenhagen meeting – what did we do wrong and what did we get right</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R and Thomas)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li>Multi-container support (Steve)</li>\n<li>Installation (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Gordon Brown, Frazer, Kevin, Sylvie, Brian R.,  Shelley,\nMilan, Peter, Rolf</p>\n<p>Apologies: Cathy. Tom Gowland. Jody, Alex. Jianguo Rao.</p>\n<p>Action 98.1: Kevin has  publish state for STFC production deployments\nvia the google group.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Copenhagen meeting – what did we do wrong and what did we get\nright: Rolf and Milan said it was very nice. half a dozen new\npeople.  Maybe too fast and too much information for\nnewcomers?  Steve didn’t feel he got much feedback,<br>\nexcept for the person from ELI/ALPS. Not checked with Brian M. to\nsee if any followup with the people he was looking after.</li>\n<li>ICAT development – Steve has added SOAP call to find out about\nauthenticators. Developed a REST authenticator; easy to add more.\nREST mechanism works side by side with old mechanism.<br>\nIt also allows failover – try successive auth servers. Working\non making lucene access as separate RESTful component,<br>\nwhich can then be shared by multiple ICATs. There will be a<br>\nlightweight security mechanism using known ip addresses.</li>\n<li>IDS – Locking work by Rolf is waiting for comments from Steve.</li>\n<li>IJP – Brian reported that Tom Attwood, an ISIS graduate, is on loan\nto us for two months and is working on modifications to the IJP.\nMost of these are specific to Octopus, though some will be more\ngenerally applicable. He has modified the IJP GUI so that when\ndataset versioning is used, only the most recent version of each\ndataset will be shown in results. He is now working on linking job\nprovenance to the IJP’s job details. There are two main changes\nhere: a RESTful call that jobscripts can make<br>\nto pass the ID of any provenance record to the IJP; and modifying\nthe IJP GUI to allow users to see provenance details of their\njobs.<br>\nBrian has updated the IJP demo project (in light of Tom’s experience\nin installing it). Brian notes that the official releases of IJP\ncomponents are not compatible with the current ICAT/IDS releases,\nand he should produce new releases.</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard – Tom reported that it now works for any hierarchy.</li>\n<li>Multi-container support – Installation script for Payara\n(supported/maintained version of glassfish 4.1). Steve recommends\nusing it once installation scripts have been updated. Will need new\nrelease of all components.</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)<br>\nRolf: discussed OAI-PMH at HZB, decided nice student project. In the\nnext year? If so, deadline early August, prototype August. Steve\nsuggested an earlier interaction might be useful.  Project would be\n10 weeks; but will use Github, so can</li>\n</ul>\n<p>track.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th><strong>Item</strong></th>\n<th><strong>Description</strong></th>\n<th><strong>Assigned</strong></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian R.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 102 – 17 November 2016","date":"2016-11-17T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-102-17-november-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}