{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-74-29-may-2014/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Agenda</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 73 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Steering Group (Tom or any other member)</li>\n<li>ICAT development (Steve)</li>\n<li>IDS development (Steve)</li>\n<li>TopCAT development (Wayne)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes</h3>\n<p>Present: Kunal, Alistair, Wayne, Kevin, Tom, Milan, Steve</p>\n<p>Apologies: Anton, Rolf, Shelly</p>\n<p>Action 73.0 – Tom has sent a note around about DOIs and has already\nreceived one reply.</p>\n<p>Action 73.1 – Kunal reported his Wildfly findings – primarily the need\nfor a java:/ in front of a field in the persistence.xml. Steve then\nreported that he had managed to install an ICAT with one authenticator\nbut that testicat would not run properly because the published wsdl was\na little different and meant that it was not possible to use SUDS to\ncreate a credential object – so logging in was not possible. Steve\ncommented that in may respects Wildfly is more regular than Glassfish\nand that the support on the forum is excellent. Having demonstrated that\nthere appear to be no major problems he will take this work further at\nsome later date with the intention of updating the setup script to\nmodify the glassfish version of the .war file and to deploy it on\nwildfly. Kunal has done some work preparing scripts but does not have\nthe time currently. Steve has also tried TomEE+ but found that this was\nharder to get started with. Probably work on TomEE+ will be delayed for\nmuch longer as Wildfly appears to be a viable alternative to Glassfish.\nTom asked for JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly to be checked.</p>\n<p>Action 73.2 – Tom has sent around details of Balsamiq.</p>\n<p>Action 72.5 – Tom is tidying up the rules and will then share them</p>\n<p>Action 71.3 – Alistair said that he did not intend to carry out this\naction. Milan suggested that a round table at the forthcoming\nPanData<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/PanData\">?</a>workshop\ncould address this. The workshop is before the next meeting so the\naction will be removed.</p>\n<p>Tom reported on the ICAT Steering Group which had its first meeting last\nweek.The main items of discussion were the ToR and the choice of\nchairman. The meeting has not yet chosen a chairman. TopCAT was also\ndiscussed. The consensus was that TopCAT would be needed but that two\nlabs still needed to have their own bespoke interface as well.The work\nof the group will be public and the ToR (once finalised) and the minutes\nof the meetings will appear on icatproject.org.</p>\n<p>Steve reported on ICAT development. The 4.3.3-SNAPSHOT was made\navailable around the end of April for both server and client. Note that\nthe updated documentation for the client is with the client as the\nserver and client are now released separately. No feedback has been\nreceived yet. Work on producing a RESTful interface covering at least\nimport and export has started. As a consequence of a chnage made to\nfacilitiate deployment on Wildlfy icat will now be packaged as a .war\nfile instead of a .ear file. This has fixed the problem reported earlier\non deploying a RESTful interface side by side with a SOAP interface.</p>\n<p>Steve also reported on the IDS development for which a snapshot is also\navailable. Rolf has deployed in but found that had disabled the\nbackground data checking. Steve hopes that this can be restored but at a\nlevel where it does not have too big an impact. A change is being made\nto support file uploads from TopCAT using POST.</p>\n<p>Wayne then reported on TopCAT. The remaining work preventing the next\nrelease is the file upload. The file can be uploaded but he is not able\nto see whether or not the operation was successful because of the\nsame-origin policy enforced by the browser. He is lookign for a\nwork-around. Next week he plans to use Balsamiq to mock up a new TopCAT\ninterface with the hope that it can be shown at the forthcoming\nPanData<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/PanData\">?</a> workshop\nto attract feedback.</p>\n<p>Tom reported that he had been working with Kevin to fix a problem when\nthe Oracle RAC nodes go down and no failover takes place. The solution\nshould appear in the installation scripts or at least be documented. Tom\nalso reported that as a test he had tried deleting all the\ninvestigations for an instrument and that it took about a second for\neach investigation (which is the top of a tree of course) so he resorted\nto a direct operation on the database.</p>\n<p>There were no AOB\nitems.</p>\n<h3>Actions</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.1</td>\n<td>Document or implement in setup script the JDBC connector fix for Glassfish/Oracle</td>\n<td>Kevin or Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>72.5</td>\n<td>Add authz rules to contrib directory</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.3</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 74 – 29 May 2014","date":"2014-05-29T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-74-29-may-2014/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}