{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-38-31-may-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<h3>Agenda 38</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 19 May (Alistair)</li>\n<li>ICAT 4.1 – Status (Steve)</li>\n<li>Availability of release candidate for ICAT41 including Mysql\n(Alistair)</li>\n<li>Plans for ICAT 4.2 (Tom)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4 for DLS (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4 for ISIS (Tom)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Any)</p>\n<h3>Actions 38</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>38.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>38.01</td>\n<td>Send a message to Barcelona asking for help testing ICAT 4.1 RC</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>38.02</td>\n<td>Include Topcat in the responsibilities of the IEB</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>38.03</td>\n<td>ICAT Collaboration is to include discussion of requirements and changes to Topcat</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>38.04</td>\n<td>Send changes to ICAT 4.0 to support SNS to SF</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 38 – 31 May 2012","date":"2012-05-31T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-38-31-may-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}