{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-48-29-november-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 47 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Icat legacy policy\n(IcatLegacyPolicy<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/IcatLegacyPolicy\">?</a>)\n(Alistair)</li>\n<li>Requirements for ICAT 4.3 and beyond\n(IcatRequirements<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/IcatRequirements\">?</a>)(Tom)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for DLS (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for ISIS (Tom)</li>\n<li>Deployment of ICAT 4.2 for CLF (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of contribs\n(<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/wiki/ContribIndex\">ContribIndex</a>)\n– icat_setup, artefects from pandata/crisp (Alistair)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Any)</p>\n<h3>Actions 48</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.01</td>\n<td>Ask Juan to clarify the dates for the conference in Lund in March (ICAT 2013)</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Email to Juan</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.02</td>\n<td>Email Shelly about the conference in Lund</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Email to Juan</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.03</td>\n<td>Add licence information to all source code parts in ICAT 4.3 (ticket)</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>Ticket #85</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.04</td>\n<td>Remind Jamie Hall about clarifications of requirements for data mining</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.05</td>\n<td>Create tickets for action 47.05, 47.07, 47.09</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>Tickets #86, #87 #88</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.06</td>\n<td>Add a note to the wiki about Nexus Archive and ICAT</td>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.07</td>\n<td>Contact Mark Koenig about Nexus standards and ICAT</td>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>Cancelled</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.08</td>\n<td>Talk to Bill Pulford about Nexus, DLS and ICAT</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.09</td>\n<td>Create wiki page for the agenda for ICAT 2013 and add item on Nexus</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>Sweden2013</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.10</td>\n<td>Enhance the ICAT Legacy Policy with a clause for support of ICAT after 6 months</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done by Tom</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.11</td>\n<td>Start a discussion on the mailing lists about changes to uniqueness constraints</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>48.12</td>\n<td>Call next meetings on 13 December 2012, 10 January 2013; cancel 27 December 2012</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 48</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 48 – 29 November 2012","date":"2012-11-29T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-48-29-november-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}