{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-36-3-may-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Agenda 36</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 19 April (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>New participants joining in Grenoble (Tom)</li>\n<li>Availability of Mysql support for Topcat40 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>ICAT 4.1 – Status (Steve)</li>\n<li>Python Client API (Steve)</li>\n<li>Availability of release candidate for ICAT41 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Structure of the ‘work packages’ (Tom)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(Any)</p>\n<blockquote>\n<h3>Actions 36</h3>\n</blockquote>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.01</td>\n<td>Send comments to Milan/George re Deliverable 5.1 of Pandata</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.02</td>\n<td>Test deployment of ICAT 4.1 with MySql<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/MySql\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>see 37.01</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.03</td>\n<td>Ask ALBA for help with testing ICAT 4.1 using MySql<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/MySql\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.04</td>\n<td>Plan for Pandata meeting in Trieste 27-28/6</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://sites.google.com/site/pandatatrieste\">https://sites.google.com/site/pandatatrieste</a></td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.05</td>\n<td>Include Nicolas at ESRF on invitation to collaboration meetings</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.06</td>\n<td>Include email list members in invitation to collaboration meetings</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.07</td>\n<td>Verify that Topcat40 deploys on icat40 as documented</td>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.08</td>\n<td>Set up a working group to deal with migration of ISIS ICAT to ICAT 4.1</td>\n<td>AM/TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.09</td>\n<td>Email Christian at Julich re Python i/f to icat 4.1</td>\n<td>AM/SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.10</td>\n<td>Add documentation on addMany method to ICAT 4.1 API documentation</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>see 37.02</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.11</td>\n<td>Add Python interface to the roadmap for ICAT 4.1</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.12</td>\n<td>Add new technology eg EVO to the agenda for next meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Deferred</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.13</td>\n<td>Prepare a topcat41 which is compatible with ICAT 4.1</td>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>see 37.03</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>36.14</td>\n<td>Fix what went wrong with the phone in CR02 at RAL for this meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 36</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 36 – 3 May 2012","date":"2012-05-03T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-36-3-may-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}