{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-118-28th-june-2018/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Attendees: Rolf (RK), Stuart (SP), Sylvie (SR), Brian (BR), Alex (AD),\nMaxime (MC), Jamie (JS), George (GC)</p>\n<p>Apologies: Chris (CP)</p>\n<p>Actions from previous:</p>\n<p>113.1 – IDS has been released so action can be removed.</p>\n<p>113.2 – Stuart to speak to Catherine about the status of this.</p>\n<p>116.1 – Topcat 2.4.0 GUI tested by Sylvie along with a non-recall\ndownload. Couldn’t test larger download due to storage D issue but since\nTopcat 2.4.0 has been released this action can be removed.</p>\n<p>Stuart apologies for the lateness of last meetings minutes, this was\nbecause he was waiting to hear status of a graduate working on the ICAT\nproject, one graduate has been successfully recruited and will be\nstarting in November.</p>\n<p>ICAT Components:</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT Ansible (SP) –</strong> Stuart has been tweaking the Ansible Jack wrote\nto get it into a state where it works on Travis, Ubuntu and Redhat 6/7\nas a prerequisite to the expunge timer problem in icat.server.</p>\n<p><strong>Topcat (BR) –</strong> 2.4.0 released. One small change since last meeting,\naction buttons in plugins can now use the entity parameter in their\n‘show’, so buttons can be chosen to be displayed based on the entity\nas request by Jamie at ISIS. Any old plugins should not be broken by\nthis change, the parameter is ignored. However Brian advises testing\nthis and letting him know if you find that it does break your plugin.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP (BR) –</strong> Brian has experienced setbacks because the Slurm\ninstallation seems to have overwritten condor along with its settings.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS (RK) –</strong> Released IDS server 1.9.0 along with storage file plugin\nand the generic ids plugin. Fixes include the JMS session bug in the\nnotification transmitter that was discussed last time.</p>\n<p><strong>Python ICAT (RK)</strong> – Released 0.14.1 which allows use of the new write\nids API call.</p>\n<p>Site Updates</p>\n<p><strong>Diamond (SR)</strong> – Sylvie reports in 9 months between October 2017 and\nnow there’s been 0.5 PB of downloads, compared to 0.3PB between in the\nyear between October 2016 and October 2017.</p>\n<p><strong>ESRF (AD)</strong> – Alex and Maxime have been working on something called\n“ICAT +” a NodeJS, React and MongoDB application that allows\nelectronic log book functionality and the managing of complex metadata\nto be integrated with ICAT. They hope to release the first version\nbefore the end of the year. It allows people to comment on\ninvestigations, non-key pair value parameters and rich metadata, such as\ndisplaying graphs alongside investigations. Short term will be used\nalongside Topcat but in the long run it will replace Topcat at the ESRF.\nStuart asks if Alex would give a demo at the next meeting.</p>\n<p><strong>HZB (RK) –</strong> Rolf reports he is installing the ICAT components to new\nmachines and hopes to be done by August.</p>\n<p>Stuart reports that Diamond is investigating whether ICAT is the correct\ntool for them with their ever increasing volume of data, which is\ncurrently over 2B datafiles (compared to ISIS’ 17 million!). This is\nonly in the planning stage at the moment.</p>\n<p>Waffle.IO tickets</p>\n<p>#377 (pass row entity to action button show) is done and released in\nthe latest version of Topcat.</p>\n<p>The ICAT schema changes are still in the Ready</p>\n<p>The timers being expunged issue (#8 in icat.utils) is still in Ready,\nStuart is still trying to reproduce it by installing the test\napplication which is why he was working on the Ansible scripts.</p>\n<p>JMS session issue #202 in icat.server is ready to be reviewed, Stuart\nwill assign Rolf the PR. Stuart says his change is similar to the one in\nthe IDS but not identical.</p>\n<p>ids.server #87 that is causing locks to not be released when an\nexception is thrown in a thread was discovered at Diamond. Rolf says he\nhas a student starting in October that could fix it; Stuart is going to\nask Diamond if that’s okay or if it’s required to be fixed more\nurgently.</p>\n<p>The other schema changes will be discussed another time as there are\nstill schema changes waiting to be\nimplemented.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>113.2</td>\n<td>Organise a meeting for the discussion of a Topcat replacement</td>\n<td>Catherine Jones</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Next meeting scheduled for Thursday 26th July 3pm UK time.</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 118 – 28th June 2018","date":"2018-06-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2018-meetings/meeting-118-28th-june-2018/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}