{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-106-27-april-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda:</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 105 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li>Multi-container support (Steve)</li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>Review of website (Andy)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Jody, Sylvie, Frazer, Kevin, Brian, Tom Gowland, Alex,\nRolf, Milan</p>\n<p>Apologies: Andy</p>\n<p>Actions from\n105</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Action 102.1: Rolf reported that he was awaiting advice from Steve on\nrunning Steve’s test suite. The proposed modification is pending on\nthat.</p>\n<p>Component Development</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT</strong> – Steve reported that Rolf has now successfully installed the\nnew ICAT components for Payara and that he will now be happy to release\n4.9.0.  Steve went on to report that he has developed a solution to\n‘location views’ whereby it is possible to ask any node what is\nbeneath it. This should make WebDav a lot more efficient. Steve is\ninvestigating an issue that Diamond have discovered whereby ICAT 4.8.0\nappears to be slower than 4.6.1 and that he is also writing some tests\nto avoid this in the future. With regards to the possible schema change\nthat Steve has mentioned on the ICAT Group, there is going to be a\ndocument which will outline all of the changes. This will ensure that\nany elements that are unused in the schema (be it relationships,\nentities etc…) are removed. There is also a new idea that would be\nuseful to Kevin whereby datafiles could be put directly into the\ninvestigation level through the use of nested datasets.</p>\n<p><strong>Python-ICAT</strong> – Rolf reported that he was still awaiting ICAT 4.9.0\nand that he may soon release 0.13. Steve asked if Rolf was planning a\n1.0 release and Rolf replied that the only thing that he wanted to add\nbefore that stage would be more thorough documentation.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS</strong> – Steve reported that he wants to implement the new locking and\nthis is awaiting communication between Rolf and Steve about the\ntest-suite. Steve also mentioned that 1.7.1 should be releasing shortly.\nBrian reported that part of the work he is doing for Octopus might make\nuse of CEPH storage. This will mean developing an IDS storage plugin for\nuse with Amazon.</p>\n<p><strong>IDAV</strong> – Tom Gowland reported that he has completed the work that he\nmentioned in the last meeting. This involved adding a MyData view at the\ntop level to allow for easier browsing to datafiles that you are\nassociated with. Tom also reported that he has managed to implement\nchanges that will warrant a slight speed increase in folders with large\namounts of datafiles. However, he believes that Steve’s implementation\nof the location views will make this redundant in time. Tom also said\nthat there is now more work to be done on making a more universal system\nthat can be used at any facility with an ICAT.</p>\n<p><strong>TopCAT</strong> – Jody reported that he has been working on a prototype for\nData Analysis as a Service which makes use of TopCAT. The prototype\nallows users who are logged into TopCAT to see a ‘My Machines’ page\nwhere they can create and share their virtual machines with other users.\nAs well as this, Jody reported that he will soon be releasing TopCAT 2.3\nwhere he has still to implement DOI features and remove ISIS and Diamond\nspecific elements.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP</strong> – Brian reported that he has made a change to the IJP servers\nsuch that they keep sessions alive when jobs are queued. This is mainly\nto help users of the command line client (as the GUI will keep your\nsession alive anyway). Brian is also going to be revisiting the problem\nof having a platform LSF connector for STFC’s SCARF cluster.</p>\n<p><strong>Dashboard</strong> – Tom Gowland reported that he has been working on adding\nmore configurability to Dashboard. He also mentioned that he had talked\nto Steve about a potential release although they have not discussed it\nsince.</p>\n<p><strong>Multi-Container Support</strong> – Steve had an email from Andy who was\nwondering if ICAT was moving away from supporting GlassFish. Steve\nreported that he wants ICAT to be able to run on both WildFly and\nGlassFish (soon to be Payara). Steve went on to say that now setup\nscripts aren’t reliant on being in a certain folder, WildFly support\nshould be made easier. Kevin asked whether we should be supporting both\ncontainers if no one wanted to user WildFly. Steve replied that he\nthought Alex would prefer to use WildFly and that the overhead of\ntesting both containers was not large. Steve also thought that testing\nfor two containers would add more robustness to the code.</p>\n<p><strong>Review of Website</strong> – Andy has produced a detailed report. Steve\nreported that there will soon be a new employee starting work at RAL\n(Stuart). The plan is for Stuart to install ICAT from scratch only using\nthe documentation available to see which parts of the process can be\nmost difficult to deal with. This should give a good idea of the\nconsistencies between Andy’s report and a real world scenario.</p>\n<p>AOB &#x26; Issues from ICAT Production Deployments</p>\n<p><strong>Diamond ICAT failure</strong> – Steve reported that on the previous day, the\nDiamond ICAT had stopped working with some EJB exceptions. The solution\nin the end was to redeploy ICAT. The cause is still unknown.</p>\n<p><strong>High Swap Space Usage</strong> – Kevin reported that many of his machines\nwhich hosted parts of the ICAT family were running a lot of swap space.\nHe has had the memory increased on these machines and yet they still run\na high amount of swap. Steve hopes that a move to Payara will fix these\nkinds of\nproblems.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.1</td>\n<td>Produce a report detailing the suggested schema changes</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 106 – 27 April 2017","date":"2017-04-27T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-106-27-april-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}