{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20230727-meeting/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Attendees:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Patrick</li>\n<li>Louise</li>\n<li>Gabriel</li>\n<li>Rolf</li>\n<li>Allan</li>\n<li>Alexander</li>\n<li>Alex dM</li>\n<li>Marjolaine</li>\n<li>Rodrigo</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Chris Prosser</li>\n<li>Alejandra</li>\n<li>Kevin</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<h3>ESRF (Alex):</h3>\n<p>Working quite a lot on MX</p>\n<ul>\n<li>especially UI</li>\n<li>Some beamlines/techniques want to view by sample - how can differnt views be achieved generically</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Changing how the folders work</p>\n<ul>\n<li>More special folders for Datasets\n<ul>\n<li>like the /gallery folder for thumbnails</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>/online: not archived, always available</li>\n<li>/novacap (? - might have misheard): files aren't achived - like temp files\n<ul>\n<li>ingestor doesn't create Datasets</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Rolf: callback in the IDS can control what is archived (or not)\n<ul>\n<li>Can define criteria in plugin</li>\n<li>Alex: 90 days after experiment, everything is lost</li>\n<li>Achieving always online by moving files to different location - issue is how to tell ICAT the files have moved\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf: I can help with this - will catch-up offline</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>HZB (Rolf):</h3>\n<p>ICAT server still down following incident\nCannot develop on ICAT servers\nMore time for developing ICAT components</p>\n<h3>ALBA (Rodrigo)</h3>\n<p>Deployed infrastructure using K8s in production\nFinsished testing the ingestor with a new beamline - still a work in progress</p>\n<h3>Sirius (Allan)</h3>\n<p>No updates\nICAT still in dev mode\nWorking on k8s infrastructure\nHope to have it ready end of August\nStarting to deploy ICAT and other systems\nStudying source code, trying to understand the project\nIn about a week, will be ready to discuss sample tracking</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf: we can discuss in AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>ISIS (Louise)</h3>\n<p>No changes (Will Taylor hasn't had enough time due to other commitments)</p>\n<h3>DLS (Louise)</h3>\n<p>Recently updated two major versions (4.11.2 -> 6)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Skipped ICAT 5</li>\n<li>Went fine (on the day)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Noticed performance issues with the DB (Oracle)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Possibly due to changes in the EcpliseLink driver, using different indices</li>\n<li>More difficult to diagnose as Kevin is currently on leave</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Component Updates</h2>\n<h3>icat.server</h3>\n<p>miredot documentation is missing</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf has created an issue</li>\n<li>probably an issue with the plugin</li>\n</ul>\n<p>With ICAT 5 had schema upgrade - only cared about easy changes</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Still have pending proposals\n<ul>\n<li><em>Might</em> want to create new proposal for a <code>hidden</code> field on Datafiles/Datasets for Diamond's DOI use case</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>In particular, relationship between sample and investigation</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>ids.server</h3>\n<p>Had a look at long time pending issues/pull requests this week\nReady for a 1.12.1 release</p>\n<ul>\n<li>changes are relatively minor</li>\n<li>Only thing of interest to others is some dependencies updated</li>\n<li>Rolf needs his mvn credentials reset - Louise will mention this to Matt Richards who manages the relevant machine</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Rolf asked Alan to review a PR with a fix to the tests\nRolf: Payara 6 release is pretty much ready (in his opinion), Alan to create a PR and this can be ids.server v2\nRolf: is anybody using fileChecker or getLink call? Want to deprecate in 2.0.0 release</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Louise: we'd have to check with ISIS</li>\n<li>Rolf: important to know if ids.r2dfoo is using it</li>\n<li>Functionality is important, but don't think it belongs in IDS\n<ul>\n<li>Should just be a CRON job</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Still plan to refactor major parts of the code aiming for a 3.0.0 release</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Allows deprecation of old features in 2.0.0</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>authn.oidc &#x26; icat.oaipmh</h3>\n<p>Small changes pending to release for Payara5\nAlso a branch for Payara6</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Release as version 2.0.0</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Create PRs for both of these</p>\n<h3>DataGateway / icat-doi-api</h3>\n<p>Demo-ed DOI minting for user defined DataPublications</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Generally positive</li>\n<li>Raised additional requirements</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>DataHub</h3>\n<p>No news</p>\n<h2>AOB</h2>\n<h4>ICAT schema changes</h4>\n<p>ICAT 5 had schema upgrades</p>\n<ul>\n<li>only added \"easy\" schema changes</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Still have \"harder\" schema change proposals</p>\n<ul>\n<li>e.g. sample-investigation link</li>\n<li>Rolf: need to organise more meetings to discuss these</li>\n<li>Maybe in fall/autumn</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Other meetings</h3>\n<h4>Sample tracking</h4>\n<p>Allan wants to have discussions with users/beamlines before this meeting</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Information from beamlines might be too different from each other for general solution?\n<ul>\n<li>4 different beamlines</li>\n<li>Doubts over whether different info could be accomodated</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Current ICAT sample tracking is very generic\n<ul>\n<li>Presumably this is DataHub</li>\n<li>Users want more specialised ones</li>\n<li>Is it possible to have a interface that could accomodate this? Or should Sirius implement their own, or if others are interested then it could be a community effort\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf plans to setup a facility sample DB next year - alongside rather than integrated into ICAT (at least initially)</li>\n<li>Open to dedicated meeting on this</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>ESRF have system close to ICAT but not in ICAT</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Sample tracking is a wide term:\n<ul>\n<li>What is the sample</li>\n<li>Experiment plan\n<ul>\n<li>Temperature</li>\n<li>Vibration %</li>\n<li>Unit cell</li>\n<li>PBD</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Also want plan for processing - downloaded and run automatically</li>\n<li>Don't care where it is on site, but on the synchrotron</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Have dedicated meeting</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Allan to organise/set up a doodle poll</li>\n</ul>\n<h4>Logbooks</h4>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf is going to organise\n<ul>\n<li>hasn't been done yet as Markus, who in HZB is responsible for this, is on leave</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>In the next couple of weeks, Rolf will send doodle poll</li>\n<li>What kind of format do we want? e.g. how long?\n<ul>\n<li>Alex: if people are presenting things: half a day, if just discussion, 1-1.5hr?</li>\n<li>Rolf: interested in the extraction of logbook from DataHub to it's own microservice/microfrontend</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Rolf: will plan for 3 hours</li>\n<li>Target a meeting in September</li>\n</ul>\n<h4>Next Collaboration Meeting</h4>\n<p>Potential for availability issues in late August (e.g. Rolf, STFC has bank holidays that week)\nOrganise changes by email if needed</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 27th July 2023","date":"2023-07-27T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20230727-meeting/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}