{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-108-22-june-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda:</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 107 (Kevin)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Review of website (Stuart)</li>\n<li>Next F2F Meeting</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Kevin, Brian Ritchie, Tom Gowland, Jody, Stuart, Rolf, Peter,\nAndy</p>\n<p>Apologies: Milan, Steve (who had produced written reports for the\nmeeting)</p>\n<p>Actions from\n107</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.1</td>\n<td>Produce a report detailing the suggested schema changes</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>107.1</td>\n<td>Ask Andy to consider next F2F meeting</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p><strong>Action 102.1:</strong> Rolf reported that he is waiting for the locking\nmechanism to go into the IDS. He was previously unable to run the IDS\ntest suite and therefore couldn’t work through Steve’s suggestions about\nhis original pull request. Steve has now made the relevant changes to\nthe test suite to ensure that Rolf can run the tests and can now debug\nthe problems.</p>\n<p><strong>Action 102.2:</strong> Brian reported that there are further changes which\nneed to be made before any release.</p>\n<p><strong>Action 106.1:</strong> Steve reported that he has started a report about\nschema changes but wants to have another think about it before\nreleasing.</p>\n<p><strong>Action 106.2:</strong> Steve reported that this will probably be done by the\nnext meeting with help from Stuart’s input who has been installing the\nICAT stack with no prior knowledge.</p>\n<p><strong>Action 107.1:</strong> Andy reported that the next face to face meeting will\nmost likely be hosted at STFC in September or October. Rolf reported\nthat there will be RDA (Research Data Alliance) meeting in September (19\n^(th) – 21 ^(st) September <a href=\"https://www.rd-alliance.org/\">https://www.rd-alliance.org/</a> ) and Andy\nreported that there is an ICALEPCS meeting in October (8 ^(th) – 13\n^(th) October <a href=\"http://www.icalepcs2017.org/\">http://www.icalepcs2017.org/</a> ).</p>\n<p>Component Development</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT</strong> – Steve reported the ICAT server 4.9.0, ICAT Lucene and 4\nauthorization plugins have been released to work on Payara. There are\nalso now separate pages for GlassFish 4.0 and Payara releases which\nshould avoid any confusion about what components work with what.</p>\n<p>Steve also reported that the GlassFish 4.0 issues have now been\nunderstood. The incompatibility with GlassFish in the ICAT Lucene has\nbeen traced to the use of lambda functions. There is also one of these\nLambda functions in the IDS.server 1.8.0 snapshot. In the case of the\nIDS, this lambda function can simply be removed. This makes the code\nless clean but will provide a solution for an upgrade for DLS. However,\nafter 1.8.0, Glassfish 4.0 will no longer be  supported. Steve said that\nhe would probably try again to see if all components now made available\nwith Payara also work with WildFly.</p>\n<p><strong>Python-ICAT</strong> – Rolf reported that there was a 0.13 release which was\nwaiting for ICAT server 4.9.0 to be released. There are some\nincompatibilities with previous versions in 0.13 and Rolf advised that\nold code may need to be updated to work with the new release.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS</strong> – Steve reported that the IDS 1.8.0 snapshot has been made\navailable along with the storage_file plugin. The plugin now has a\ndifferent interface as it now has a properties file passed to it rather\nthan trying to find its own properties. This means that all of the\nrun.properties for the IDS and its plugin are in the same file.\nUnfortunately, Steve failed to check in the updated storage_test which\ncaused a problem for Rolf. There are a number of other small changes\nthat Steve wants to make before 1.8.0 is released. These are generally\nrelated to downloading very large numbers of files.</p>\n<p><strong>IDAV</strong> – Tom reported that the MyData view in IDAV was now in place\nand was just awaiting some user testing to get further feedback.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP</strong> – Brian reported that he has been working on a batch connector\nfor HTCondor. He is developing it in Python as the Condor Python library\nis very good. He reported that he is still some way from connecting this\nup to work with the IJP.</p>\n<p><strong>Review of website</strong> – Stuart reported that he has been following\ninstallation documents on the ICAT website without any further help.\nAlong the way, he has been making notes about his experience and using\nthe SSI (Software Sustainability Institute) guidelines to help shape his\nreport. Stuart then went on to share his main findings. His main\nconcerns were regarding the organisation of information and\ndocumentation and at times he struggled with finding where to look for\ninformation.</p>\n<p>At times during the installation process, he would have to be\nreferencing information on three or more separate pages (for example:\ninstallation instructions, schema and project summary pages). Stuart\nalso said that much of the documentation assumed prior knowledge and\ntherefore wasn’t very friendly for beginners.  Andy agreed on this point\nin particular and felt that the installation process should be\nconsolidated into one page in an easy-to-follow way.</p>\n<p>Stuart said that the SSI categorises uses in different classes. He\nthinks it would be useful to consider these classes when thinking about\nthe organisation of information. Stuart would consider the classes to be\nas follows:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>End User – The person who actually ends up using the software once\nit is in production</li>\n<li>Installer – The person who only wants to install an instance of the\nsoftware</li>\n<li>API User – The person who writes software which will user the REST\nor SOAP API</li>\n<li>Developer – The person who actually wants to contribute code to the\nsoftware project</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Stuart also said that the final category “Developer” could be split into\nthose that actually have write access to the repositories and those who\ndon’t.</p>\n<p>For a beginner, Stuart said that it would currently be very difficult to\nunderstand what ICAT actually does, what it is, what it looks like, who\nwill use it, how it will be used and where the data comes from in the\nfirst place. He also said that there should be more help available for\ndevelopers which explains how to contribute code and patches to the\nproject.</p>\n<p>His main recommendations were to re-organise the website according to\ngroups of people. He reported that he was going to be researching\nwebsites that already to this well. Andy referenced the Django website (\n<a href=\"https://www.djangoproject.com/\">https://www.djangoproject.com/</a> ) which he thinks does this well.</p>\n<p>Overall, Stuart said that he agrees with all of the document that Andy\nhad previously produced on this subject.</p>\n<p>108\nActions</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.1</td>\n<td>Produce a report detailing the suggested schema changes</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve + Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 108 – 22 June 2017","date":"2017-06-22T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-108-22-june-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}