{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-104-23-february-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda:</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 103 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li>Multi-container support (Steve)</li>\n<li>Installation (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Jody, Sylvie, Tom Gowland, Frazer, Kevin, Gordon, Brian\nRitchie, Jianguo, Andy, Milan, Alex, Shelley, Tom Griffin, Rolf, Peter</p>\n<p>Action 102.1: Rolf has not yet completed this action because the\nsuggestion is first dependent on another change to the IDS regarding\ninternal logging.</p>\n<p>Action 102.2: Brian R. has not done this yet due to there being too many\nchanges before the new releases</p>\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT Development – Steve reported ICAT 4.9 is near to release. He\nreported that there is one more change that he’d like to make to\nseparate the Lucene indexing such that two ICATs can rely on one\nLucene index. There is still testing that needs to be done to\novercome a bug that has been preventing this until now. Steve also\nreported that there has been a request from Diamon to allow the\nbrowsing of data in TopCAT by the data structure. Tom Griffin raised\na concern about how to handle permissions on the nodes in this\nseparate structure. Steve agreed to look into how rules would be\nenforced at this level. Steve made a final point about making ICAT\nmore portable. A recent foray into ICAT by ELI-ALPS has shown up the\nproblems with deploying on WildFly. Steve thinks this is due to\nWildFly not being able to find the properties files relatively. A\npossible solution will be to use a similar principal as with the\nlogback XML files where the properties files are packaged up into\nthe War file. Further to this point, Tom Griffin asked about\nGlassfish 4.1 support and Steve responded by saying new releases\nwill gear towards supporting Payara instead.</li>\n<li>Python-ICAT – Rolf reported that he is waiting for ICAT 4.9 to be\nreleased before making any further changes to Python-ICAT.</li>\n<li>IDS – Steve reported that he has looked into Rolf’s pull-request\nwhich contains his work on locking. Steve sent a couple of\nsuggestions back to Rolf and Rolf asked for some clarification on\none of the points.</li>\n<li>PollCat – Frazer reported that Sylvie has started to look into using\nPollCat for Diamond. Once there is a more formal plan in place,\nFrazer said he will look into providing a better installation path\nfor PollCat.</li>\n<li>WebDav – Tom Gowland reported that there is an upcoming deployment\nfor ISIS. He also reported that there have been issues with datasets\nwhich contain many datafiles which is mainly due to the way in which\nWindows handles the files. When you mouse over a directory in\nWindows, it will attempt to load all of the information beyond that\ndirectory even though you might never have wanted that data in the\nfirst place. The best way to see if this will affect users of WebDav\nwill be to see what comments come out of the deployment.</li>\n<li>TopCAT – Jody reported that TopCAT 2.2.1 is now out. He is still\ndoing some tinkering for Diamond and hopes that this will resolve\nany issues they are still having. He also reported that 2.3.0 is now\nnearly ready but before release it will need some more documentation\nof the plugin API. There was also some general discussion about\nJody’s idea of simplifying the TopCAT configuration from the\nuser’s perspective. This would involve extending the admin section\nof TopCAT to include a section where users can edit their TopCAT\nsettings with explanations alongside. There was also an idea from\nFrazer which was to split the JSON file up into multiple smaller\nfiles to make TopCAT more easily configurable.</li>\n<li>IJP – The graduate student (Thomas Attwood) did some work on\nsupporting the versioning of datasets. He also worked on provenance\nlinking betweek jobs. IJP now also checks that there is a\ncorresponding application for each job type rather than making up\nits own. Brian has also been working on some changes to the\nappearance of the TopCAT plugin, introducing interactive sessions\ninto the IJP and expanding the configure job dialogue.</li>\n<li>Dashboard – Tom Gowland reported that he had been helping Alex at\nthe ESRF to complete his Dashboard installation. The ESRF reported\nthat they were using the Dashboard daily and they would love to see\nsome more configurability. Tom Gowland suggested that if they had\nany specific wishes that they should add them to the GitHub issues\nfor Dashboard. Tom also said that he had been working on the bugs\nthat had been reported by the ESRF team and also adding a contacts\npage so that users with queries or issues could raise them by\ncontacting the right people.</li>\n<li>Multi-Container Support – As previously reported, this should be\nmade more practical with the addition of properties files to the War\nfile.</li>\n<li>Installation – There was some general discussion about the\ndocumentation of ICAT as a whole. Steve mentioned that one outcome\nof the ICAT steering group was for Andy and Shelley to provide some\nfeedback about how to improve the ICAT website. Tom Griffin\nmentioned that he had recently installed a piece of software which\nonly required a Vagrant install in order to get a test copy up and\nrunning to see if it was fit for purpose. Tom said that this could\nbe useful for those trying to get started with ICAT.</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments – Andy and Alex reported\ntheir performance issues which seem to have been fixed by the newest\nTopCAT release. They intend to closely monitor the situation to see\nif anything changes.</li>\n<li>AOB – Andy submitted a proposal to E-Infra 12 which was declined.\nRolf will be travelling to the ESRF to have discussions about the\nIDS. Andy reported that Alex and Damien will visit STFC to learn\nabout TopCAT plugins. Kevin reported that he has just started work\nalongside the European Space Agency who want to use ICAT for their\nnew Mars Rover</li>\n</ul>\n<p>project.</p>\n<h2>Actions</h2>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 104 – 23 February 2017","date":"2017-02-23T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-104-23-february-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}