{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-35-19-april-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Agenda 35</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 5 April (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Demonstration of Eclipse Plugin (Ghita)</li>\n<li>Presentation about Python work on ICAT 4 at Julich (Christian)</li>\n<li>Availability of Topcat40 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Availability of Jenkins service\non <a href=\"http://www.icatproject.org:6080/jenkins\">http://www.icatproject.org:6080/jenkins</a> (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data meeting (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>ICAT 4.1 – Schema (Steve)</li>\n<li>Availability of ICAT41 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>\n<p>(All)</p>\n<h3>Actions 35</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.01</td>\n<td>Ask Juan to add Alistair to Pandata mailing lists</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.02</td>\n<td>Send comments to Milan/George re Deliverable 5.1 of Pandata</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>See 36.1</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.03</td>\n<td>Release Topcat 4.1</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>wiki:InstallTopcat40<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/InstallTopcat40\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.04</td>\n<td>Consider proposed change to ICAT API to support Python</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.05</td>\n<td>Test deployment of ICAT 4.1 with MySql<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/MySql\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>See 36.2</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>35.06</td>\n<td>Ask ALBA for help with testing ICAT 4.1 using MySql<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/MySql\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>See 36.3</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 35</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 35 – 19 April 2012","date":"2012-04-19T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-35-19-april-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}