{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-96-28-april-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 95 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE (Alex)</del></li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Alex)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Peter , Steve, Jody, Brian R, Brian M, Rolf, Tom, Shelly and\nAndrew</p>\n<p>Apologies: Andy and Milan</p>\n<p>Action 95.0 The requirements were successfully circulated to the ICAT\ngroup.</p>\n<p>Action 94.0 Jody created a formal release of TopCat V2.0.0. This was\nsuccessfully released onto Diamond and out to the community.</p>\n<p>Action 94.1 All the requirements for the Dashboard have been now been\ngathered and uploaded onto GitHub.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve reported that there are currently two things that are\npreventing the release of ICAT 4.7. Firstly, the possible addition\nof an extra call to see if a user is still currently logged in.\nSecondly, the load balancing with multiple ICATs which is\npotentially being caused by Apache timeouts.</li>\n<li>The release of IDS 4.6 is very close to release however there is one\nsmall issue that is holding it up. This issue is to do with the\ncurrent getSize call now taking minutes. Steve has been given access\nto the machines that are presenting this behaviour so the problem\ncan be explored further.</li>\n<li>Brian reported that he and Becky are working on changes towards the\nIJP. Becky has presented some new mock ups to Octopus which have\nbeen accepted. Brian has also been thinking about how to support the\nOctopus requirement for versions on dataset collections.</li>\n<li>Alex reported that the Dashboard is nearly completion from its\ninitial requirements. The next stage is releasing a snapshot  so\nthat people can have a go with it.</li>\n<li>Steve spoke about the upcoming ICAT face to face. There was a\ndiscussion on the schedule and how it could possibly play out over\nthe two days.</li>\n<li>Rolf reported that he has been playing around with Docker and\nexplained what he might do with it going forward.</li>\n<li>Peter and Shelly explored an idea about having a more abstract layer\nonto of the ICAT API to shield the consumers of their ICAT from any\nschema/API changes. There was a following short discussion on\npossible alternatives and the use case for an extra</li>\n</ul>\n<p>layer.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.0</td>\n<td>Assign screencast role for the TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.1</td>\n<td>Release a snapshot of the Dashboard</td>\n<td>Alex/Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>92.2</td>\n<td>Provide information on Octopus’s use and potential future use of ICAT components.</td>\n<td>Jianguo</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 96 – 28 April 2016","date":"2016-04-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-96-28-april-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}