{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-85-28-may-2015/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 84 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>FUSE (Condie)</li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Installation (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Migration to git/github (Steve)</li>\n<li>RoadMap (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Present : Condie, Steve, Tom G, Wayne, Milan, Kevin P, Brian R, Jianguo,\nAndy, Frazer</p>\n<p>Apologies: Rolf</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Action 84.0: Jianguo has been invited to and is currently attending\nthe monthly meetings.</li>\n<li>Action 84.1: Steve has circulated the details of the book to the\ngroup.</li>\n<li>Action 84.2: The TopCAT V2 sprint reviews have been scheduled with\none having taken place.</li>\n<li>Action 84.3: Steve has created a backup of the SVN repository.</li>\n<li>Action 84.4: Steve has updated the roadmap (Discussed in agenda).</li>\n<li>Steve is beginning to finalising ICAT 4.5 with only minor\noutstanding bugs to be fixed before release. Lucene has been removed\nfrom the 4.5 release.</li>\n<li>A new version of python-icat has been released. The source\nrepository of python-icat has been moved to GitHub.</li>\n<li>Frazer informed the group that the work on Globus Transfer has\nresumed with PAM authenticators being built to work with ICAT.</li>\n<li>Kevin reported that the Artemis version of WebDAV is progressing\nwell with a pre-production system being launched within the upcoming\nweeks. The current version has been speed tested and is to undergo\nresilience testing before being pushed to pre-production. Kevin also\nmentions that once stable in production on Artemis is should only be\na further few weeks until a general version is released.</li>\n<li>TopCAT V2 has just entered Sprint 1 after a Sprint review with the\nproduct owners and users. Wayne mentioned there was a lot of\npositive feedback and that new requests have emerged from the Sprint\nreview. Wayne also mentioned that there is a live working test\nversion for people to use. TopCAT V2 is expected to be rolled out\nfor all sites by the end of the summer.</li>\n<li>Brian informed the group that a login dialog created for IJP\nAngularJS GUI. He also mentioned that there has been interface\nchanges between the IJP server and the batch connectors. Work is\nongoing to prepare the installation of the IJP on CLF systems, with\nit currently running on two test VM’s. Brian is also investigating\nthe current configurations on the CLF machines and how they interact\nwith the IJP changes. Brian mentioned he has also been working on\nconverting CLF job scripts to work with the new options passing\nmechanism; this still requires testing.</li>\n<li>Steve is looking into porting the ICAT installer to work with Mac\nOS. Steve mentioned he now has a machine to begin this development\nbut is yet to start.</li>\n<li>Steve informed the group that the migration of the ICAT source code\nfrom googlecode to GitHub has begun with most components migrated\nsuccessfully. Steve mentioned that the issues and wiki pages do not\nmigrate in the same way and proposed several solutions on how this\ncan be achieved. Whether or not the wiki and issue pages should live\non the repos of each component or in a stand alone repo needs to be\ninvestigated further before a decision is made.</li>\n<li>The roadmap has been circulated to the Steering group and group\nmembers for feedback. A website review is to be added to the roadmap\nat the suggestion of Andy.</li>\n<li>The ESRF are to continue using ICAT alongside ISPyB and are planning\nto roll out ICAT for use on all beamlines.</li>\n<li>The ESS are committed to using ICAT and wish to hold talks regarding\nthe work they would like to see surrounding ICAT.</li>\n</ul>\n<p>This was Condie’s last ICAT meeting. He was thanked for all his\ncontributions to the\nproject.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>ITEM</td>\n<td>DESCRIPTION</td>\n<td>ASSIGNED</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.0</td>\n<td>Circulate notes and recording link from TopCAT V2 sprint review</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.1</td>\n<td>Circulate link and instructions for using the live test version of TopCAT V2</td>\n<td>Wayne</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.2</td>\n<td>Add a list of current sponsors to ICAT website</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.3</td>\n<td>Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub</td>\n<td>Christophe</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.4</td>\n<td>Add ESS to the steering group</td>\n<td>Andy</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.5</td>\n<td>Ask Mantid for information on how they migrated wikis and issue to GitHub</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>82.0</td>\n<td>LDAP enhancement to work with a functional ID</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>81.0</td>\n<td>Report bug in eclipselink</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 85 – 28 May 2015","date":"2015-05-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-85-28-may-2015/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}