---
title: ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 27th March 2025
date: 2025-03-27
chair: Louise
scribe: Louise
---

## Attendance

Attendees:

- Rolf Krahl
- Louise Davies
- Kirsty Syder
- Marjolaine Bodin
- Santhosh Anandarama
- Viktor Bozhinov
- Alex de Maria

## Agenda

## Site Updates

### HZB

DAPHNE4NFDI annual meeting - HZB hosting. Interesting discussions but not directly ICAT related. Otherwise nothing else to report.

### ESRF

Nothing new, progressing on technques. Working on including more processed data in the data portal.

Working on OSCARS project on sample metadata in coming weeks and months. Discussion with Rolf next week on this topic.

### ISIS

Payara server upgrade to 6. Currently on staging. Out to production within the week hopefully.

### DLS

Had DataGateway & ICAT server & lucene upgrade released. Working on visit restore release now 

## Component Updates

### datagateway-download-api

Single visit restore via queueing functionality.

Rolf: IDS can sometimes perform badly when multiple restores at the same time. Add a parameter to limit the number of restores.
Louise: there's some extra visit splitting functionality as well as DLS visits are very large

### ICAT 7 schema changes

Rolf says he may have a student who can work on icat.server issues.

Rolf: STFC asked about Instrument startDate & endDate additions? Would be good if you could create a formal issue
Louise: sure

## AOB

### icat.schema

Investigation -> Dataset -> Datafile.

More longer term experiments e.g. catalysis experiments, multiple hours. Lots of beamline measurements to observe sample changes. Want whole thing to be a Dataset, but might want to search for individual beamline measurements.

Proposal: Datasets within Datasets?
Would have a lot of consequences

Louise: STFC facilities either only have 1 dataset (ISIS) or have datasets generally respresenting wrong things anyway (DLS - directories as datasets)

Alex: single dataset, up to user to filter measurements within the dataset. Ideally keep ICAT as simple as possible

Rolf: XAS measurement search, you might want to search an individual experiment as a measurement could be repeated many times within 

Louise: complex, could have infinite nesting of datasets!

Rolf: maybe not, you have control of your ingestion pipeline

Alex: we have the opposite, we have many datasets that we want to group as one. Search is more of a problem but we think it's fine to e.g. search by technique etc. and rely on user to search files for specific measurements

Louise: we probably need time to think about this offline

Rolf: can discuss at next F2F?

### Next F2F?

Louise: we'll have to discuss with with our GL

Kevin: yes, will need to think of when/who will host

Kevin: sometimes we tag these on to other events - does anyone have ideas for this?

Louise: how about we think about this offline with our institutions and discuss more concretely next time? maybe send out polls after that

Rolf: can't attend the next 2 collab meetings

### Next meeting

24th April - week of Easter Monday

Rolf: exactly why I can't go!

Louise: well April is always hard, in between week before/after Easter & school holidays which may/may not overlap struggle to get everyone to attend anyway
