{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-109-24-august-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 108 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Jamie)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Jamie)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>Installation (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Website (Stuart)</li>\n<li>Next F2F Meeting – Steve/Andy</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Brian, Jody, Jamie, Steve, Kevin, Rolf, Tom Griffin, Alex,\nPeter<br>\nApologies: Stuart, Frazer</p>\n<p>Actions from\n108</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.1</td>\n<td>Produce a report detailing the suggested schema changes</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve + Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p><strong>Action 102.2</strong> – Brian reported he hasn’t finished producing new\nreleases of the IJP components yet but is still working on it.</p>\n<p><strong>Action 106.1</strong> – Steve reported he hasn’t produced report detailing\nthe suggested schema changes. It’s too large to discuss on a telecom and\nwould be better suited for the face to face.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that he will be reducing his input into the ICAT project\nand will be slowly handing over to Stuart.</p>\n<p>Component development</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT –</strong> Steve reported ICAT 4.9.1 is not formally released yet but is\nready. It avoids the performance degradation introduced with the\nseparate lucene component in ICAT 4.9.0. Now update messages are grouped\ntogether. It requires an updated version of the lucense server to accept\nthe aggregated messages.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS</strong> – Steve reported IDS 1.8 is released but not updated on webpage\nyet. This includes the new installation property files, setup.properties\nand run.properties.</p>\n<p>Work on the next release has now started. Two pull requests from Rolf\nhave been accepted. Support for Glassfish 4.0 has been removed so will\nrequire Glassfish 4.1+ or Payara; Steve recommends the latter.</p>\n<p><strong>Python ICAT</strong> – Rolf reports minor release in June to fix difficulty\nhaving multiple client instances.</p>\n<p><strong>Topcat</strong> – Jody reported 2.3.0 released in early August. Jody also\nreported that all current 2.4.0 tickets are complete and any more\nfeatures people want adding to 2.4.0 urgently should be discussed on the\nicatgroup.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP</strong> –Brian reports batch connector for HTCondor now working and that\nhe’s still working on the new IJP component releases.</p>\n<p><strong>Installation</strong> – Steve reports BitRock installer has been updated\nusing the final set of components for Glassfish before the switch to\nPayara. Steve welcomes people to test on Unix and Windows and report any\nissues.</p>\n<p>F2F</p>\n<p>Steve asks if everyone if there are any problems with the proposed date\nof 20 ^(th) – 21 ^(st) November, at RAL. There were no objections so\nthat date is now fixed.  Tom suggests meeting to be held across two half\ndays rather than a full day to allow people to travel to and from RAL.\nSteve will work on the agenda.</p>\n<p>109\nActions</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve + Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>109.1</td>\n<td>Produce agenda for F2F</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 109 – 24 August 2017","date":"2017-08-24T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-109-24-august-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}