{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-95-17-march-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 94 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>FUSE (Alex)</li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Alex)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Kevin, Steve, Jody, Brian R, Becky, Frazer, Rolf, Milan</p>\n<p>Apologizes: Tom, Andy, Jianguo</p>\n<p>Action 85.3 Steve reported that Alex has migrated the whole of ICAT\nManager to github and that the version on github is more up to date the\nthe package hosted on the ESRF website.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Becky introduced herself to the team. She is a graduate on a 6 month\nplacement within the Research Data Group who will be working on a\nnew GUI for the ICAT Job Portal.</li>\n<li>Steve talked about Alex and Andy’s visit to RAL being very\ninformative and useful for both teams.</li>\n<li>ICAT 4.7 is moving along with many of the new features complete.\nSteve is currently working on getting multiple ICATs to work with an\nApache front end.  Currently there are a few issues with the Apache\nfront end.</li>\n<li>There was a discussion about the Update Semantics. There were\nworries about the complexity of the problem and further research is\nrequired.</li>\n<li>There was a discussion about the request to add an Orchid Id field\nto the user table. There was also a discussion about adding more\nfields which brought up concerns about security and possibly\naccessing data directly from the User office. This was another point\nthat would require more thought.</li>\n<li>Steve talked about adding a Boolean flag to the IDS properties file\nto ask the user if they would like the IDS to write as fast as it\ncan or as slowly as you can to tape systems.</li>\n<li>Steve talked about the changes to the IDS-plugin where the plugin\nused to depend on the ICAT-utils which would then depend on the\nICAT. This would cause the plugin to be unnecessarily large. This\nhas now been changed.</li>\n<li>Frazer talked about a new node being set-up for SCARF that will\nallow users to download data from TopCat which would then be staged\nin a home directory in SCARF.</li>\n<li>TopCats major tickets are now complete apart from one which is now\nbeing worked on for the upcoming release.</li>\n<li>Brian discussed about how there new work is starting on the IJP. LSF\nhave presented Brian R with some new requirements that have been\ncollected over the past year. Becky will now start working on the\nnew user interface. There have been meetings with LSF to discuss\nwhat they would like to see in the UI and mocks up are now starting\nto be created.</li>\n<li>Alex talked about how the Dashboard now collects and presents data\non current downloads and failed downloads. There will be a snapshot\nproduced soon which will then require further user testing.</li>\n<li>There was further discussion on the upcoming ICAT meet up and how we\nshould try to invite more people from outside the teams to spread\nthe word of</li>\n</ul>\n<p>ICAT.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>95.0</td>\n<td>Tom to circulate current Dashboard Requirements</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>94.0</td>\n<td>Create a formal release of TopCat 2.0</td>\n<td>Jody</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>94.1</td>\n<td>Provide any requirements for the Dashboard</td>\n<td>All</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>93.0</td>\n<td>Make screencast of TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Jody</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>92.2</td>\n<td>Provide information on LSF’s use and potential future use of ICAT components.</td>\n<td>Jianguo</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 95 – 17 March 2016","date":"2016-03-17T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-95-17-march-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}