{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-55-21-march-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 52-54 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Discussion of the outcomes from Lund</li>\n<li>Discussion of the content of ICAT 4.3</li>\n<li>Discussion of the agenda for the collaboration meetings Spring 2013</li>\n<li>Update from PaN-data (Milan/George)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 55</h3>\n<p>The meeting discussed actions from earlier meetings and updated the\nstatus.</p>\n<p>The meeting discussed the conference in Lund. It was generally agreed\nthat it was successful. A number of items are worthy of note:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Sites such as Alba may have to enhance the reference implementation\nof IDS when it is available, to meet their requirements for data\nmanagement;</li>\n<li>There were presentations at the Pandata meeeting (such as Tom’s on\nICAT and Umbrella integration) which should be made available to the\nICAT collaboration;</li>\n<li>There should be a half day ICAT workshop added to the Pandata\nmeeting in Barcelona in September;</li>\n<li>There will be a Pandata WP4 telco next week to discuss matters\narising from the Pandata meeting in Lund.</li>\n</ul>\n<p> </p>\n<p>The meeting discussed topics to be addressed in the next three months of\ncollaboration meetings – see the list above.</p>\n<p>The meeting finished at\n15h35.</p>\n<h3>Actions 55</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>55.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>55.01</td>\n<td>Arrange for copies of Pandata presentations to be available</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>55.02</td>\n<td>Arrange an ICAT workshop with the Pandata meeting at Alba in September</td>\n<td>AM/DS</td>\n<td>On-going</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 55</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>IC</td>\n<td>Idrissou Chado</td>\n<td>Soleil</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NV</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>DS</td>\n<td>Daniel Salvat</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>DL</td>\n<td>David Lopez</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>PG</td>\n<td>Pablo Garcia</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 55 – 21 March 2013","date":"2013-03-21T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-55-21-march-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}