---
title: ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 31st October 2024
date: 2024-10-31
chair: Louise
scribe: Louise
---

## Attendance
Attendees:
 - Rolf Krahl
 - Louise Davies
 - Kirsty Syder
 - Marjolaine Bodin
 - Malik Almohammad
 - Patrick Austin
 - Alan Kyffin
 - Viktor Bozhinov

## Agenda

## Site Updates

### SESAME


Installed latest icat.server (v6) & ids.server. Issue with ids.server install, Rocky 9 incompatibility issue, python 2 vs 3 issue? Had to have full  paths to IDS plugins

Rolf: will check this issue on my side
Rolf: only need local path in test config, but might be issue with setup process of the plugin not installing in expected place.

### HZB

Not much to report.

### ESRF

Nothing to report. Released new version of DataPortal officially. Working on MX group sample tracking part.

### ISIS

Need to upgrade some machines they forgot about. Still need to port either their authn or ids plugin to be compatible with Payara6 so they can run everything with Payara6. Think ids. Main thing of particular interest.

### DLS

Not too much. Upgraded the datagateway-api to fix query slowness. Running a user workshop for DGW/ICAT for quick win improvements.

## Component Updates

### icat.server

Got icat.server running in Quarkus native mode. Got to create PRs for that work. Need to keep it synced with Patrick's search PR, which is a large PR so going to base future PRs off of that to avoid conflicts.

Rolf: long term strategy, plan to support Payara and Quarkus?
Alan: hard to maintain both, can potentially split core and two extra repos to cover the server specific builds. Don't know though, hope was to make it possible but will have to see.

### python-icat

Release, 1.5.1, very minor. Some 1.5 changes weren't documented properly, so 1.5.1 adds that documentation (but no code change)

## AOB

None
