{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>The 2015 Collaboration and Steering Group meetings were held at Diamond\nHouse, HSIC, Didcot, Oxfordshire, OX11 0DE, UK  on the 31st March and\nthe 1st April 2015.</p>\n<h1>Talks</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>What</th>\n<th>Who</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/ICAT-2015.pdf\">Status of components – ICAT</a></td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/cleva_icat_manager_2015_03_31.pdf\">Status of components – ICAT Manager</a></td>\n<td>Christophe Cleva</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/IDS-2015.pdf\"> Status of components – IDS </a></td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/TopCAT-F2F-March-2015.pdf\"> Status of components – TopCAT </a></td>\n<td>Wayne Chung</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/python-icat.pdf\"> Status of components – python-icat </a></td>\n<td>Rolf Krahl</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/ICAT-ISPYB-2015.pdf\"> What is ISPyB </a></td>\n<td>Solange Delageniere</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/150331-Ideas-for-interworking-with-ISPyB-dist.pdf\"> Ideas for interworking with ISPyB </a></td>\n<td>Alun Ashton</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/Response-to-PanData-report.pdf\"> Response to PanData report </a></td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/IJP-demo-2015-04-01.pdf\"> Status of components – IJP </a></td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/cleva_metadata_management_2015_03_31.pdf\"> Defining, managing and extracting icat metadata to hdf5 files </a></td>\n<td>Christophe Cleva</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/ISIS-Autoreduction-ICAT-talk.pdf\"> Autoreduction at ISIS </a></td>\n<td>Marcus Noble</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/Mechanisms-for-ICAT-IDS-Data-Distribution.pdf\"> IDS – ideas for data delivery </a></td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/direct-ids.pdf\"> IDS – ideas </a></td>\n<td>Rolf Krahl</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td><a href=\"/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/Roadmap-2015.pdf\"> Roadmap </a></td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<h2>Discussion on the Roadmap:</h2>\n<ul>\n<li>Documentation should include best practices</li>\n<li>Concerning the suggested move to Github it was pointed out that\nlinks to external repositories would always be needed</li>\n<li>It was suggested that a reporting tool summarising statistics on the\ndata held in ICAT and its use (derived from the logs) would be\nuseful.</li>\n<li>The icatproject.org website should include list of facilties using\nICAT and a catalogue of all known \"serious\" ICATs partly to attract\nnew users to ICAT.</li>\n</ul>","frontmatter":{"title":"DLS 2015","date":null}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/dls-2015/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}