{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-62-11-july-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meeting 61 (Chair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>New components (Steve)</li>\n<li>Feedback on Topcat 1.9 Snapshot (All)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 62</h3>\n<p>Present: Daniel Salvat, Pablo Garcia, David Lopez, George Kourousias,\nTom Griffin and Steve Fisher (Chair)</p>\n<p>SMF: ICAT4.3 now needs two more things: schema changes with associated\nscripts and enhanced query language. End of August still looks possible.</p>\n<p>Rolf Krahl’s simple authenticator has been released and at some point a\nclass he has written to handle hashed passwords will also be used by the\ndb authenticator.</p>\n<p>A SNAPSHOT of TopCAT 1.9 has been made available – no feedback has been\nreceived so far.</p>\n<p>Releases of ice (an ICAT Editor and icat-setup for editing authz related\ntables) are imminent. Kevin will test them both before release.</p>\n<p>TG: ISIS is still using ICAT3.3 and is waiting for ICAT4.3 with the\nenhanced query language to support more specific rules.</p>\n<p>GK: Umbrella will be part of the next PaNData verifications so will\nprobably need an umbrella authenticator.</p>\n<p>DS: Reminder about the Barcelona workshop which is expected to have two\nsatellite meetings: one on icat and and one on\numbrella.</p>\n<h3>Actions 62</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>62.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.02</td>\n<td>Write a note about glassfish configuration to reduce https overhead</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.03</td>\n<td>Write a note about GF 4 and AJP</td>\n<td>Alistair</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 62 – 11 July 2013","date":"2013-07-11T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-62-11-july-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}