{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2024-meetings/20240627-meeting/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendance</h2>\n<p>Attendees:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Andy Gotz</li>\n<li>Louise Davies</li>\n<li>Kirsty Syder</li>\n<li>Kevin Phipps</li>\n<li>Malik Almohammad</li>\n<li>Santhosh Anandarama</li>\n<li>Viktor Bozhinov</li>\n<li>Alex de Maria</li>\n<li>Alan Kyffin</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Agenda</h2>\n<h3>SciCatCon</h3>\n<p>Kevin: is anyone else attending? Alex?\nAlex: was interested, but didn't hear anything since initial email</p>\n<p>Andy: should be able to attend remotely?\nLouise: yes, there's a remote attendance option on the indico</p>\n<p>Andy: Parameters: Does SciCAT have nested?\nLouise: yes, think so. However, they mentioned having trouble with theirs - hard to assert/search parameters when they're so flexible.</p>\n<h3>repo.icatproject.org</h3>\n<p>Andy: is this fixed\nSTFC: yes, apologies this was broken by migrating VMs to upgrade the OS. External network  configuration was broken but it worked internally.</p>\n<h3>NOBUGS</h3>\n<p>Need to create an indico page to get numbers of attendance so room can be organised.</p>\n<p>STFC will send a couple of people.</p>\n<p>Andy: Register ASAP: only 160 seats &#x26; already 120 potentially filled by speakers\nKevin: when does registration open?\nAndy: open now <a href=\"https://indico.esrf.fr/event/114/registrations/\">https://indico.esrf.fr/event/114/registrations/</a></p>\n<p>Can just register just for satellite(s) or the main conference as well.</p>\n<p>Multiple talks from ICAT people at main conference (5) : <a href=\"https://indico.esrf.fr/event/114/search?q=icat\">https://indico.esrf.fr/event/114/search?q=icat</a></p>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<h3>SESAME</h3>\n<p>No big updates.</p>\n<p>Finished cybersecurity assessment. After, addressed weakness points - especially glassfish. Will share report at next meeting most likely.</p>\n<p>Still only accessible on internal network</p>\n<p>Plan to start using DataPortal with the public next week.</p>\n<p>Andy: how many other sites using glassfish?\nRest mostly using Payara\nAlan: shouldn't really make a difference</p>\n<p>Main problem is all services running in same environment. Separate DataPortal onto separate VM is likely safer.</p>\n<p>WAF (Web applicaiton firewall) - ESRF looking into implementing</p>\n<h3>ESRF</h3>\n<p>Processed data - 10 beamlines using. High demand for this, initially macromolecular crystollography, but expanding to more techniques. Happy with performance - going smoothly and faster than ispyb.</p>\n<p>Collaborate with DESY for crystallography. Going to go over and help them set it all up including ICAT. Thinking about packaging to make this easier.</p>\n<p>Andy: should get extra money for that, maybe EOSC?</p>\n<p>Andy: feedback from scientists re: electronic logbooks. Difficult as they compare with google docs! (high bar)</p>\n<p>Malik: Would be interested in Alex' collaboration - they have tomography beamlines.</p>\n<h3>ISIS</h3>\n<p>Santhosh: user office integration is complete - in testing.\nAndy: is this a new user office software?\nSanthosh: no, migration from SOAP to REST\nAndy: thought new user office - thought they were interested in using ESS UO.\nLouise &#x26; Kevin: Proposals system has been migrated and is using ESS solution.</p>\n<p>Andy: chatbots integrated with Data portals - Elettra already have good feedback on their chatbot.\nAlex: user wants to browse data via chatting. LLM solution (Mistral) is quite promising. Integration with logbook - can ask what happened e.g. overnight\nOne issue is authorization</p>\n<h3>DLS</h3>\n<p>Had demo of the DOI functionality from Louise &#x26; Patrick. Slowly working through approval from executive and legal. Has some agreement on only raw data</p>\n<p>Also, Rocky 9 upgrades.</p>\n<p>Andy: NOBUGS2024 poster on legal issues from DLS\nKirsty: yes, someone using LLMs/ChatGPT to analyse abstracts. Interested to see the poster...</p>\n<h2>Component Updates</h2>\n<h3>icat.server</h3>\n<p>Reverted a change which caused incompatability between new ICAT snapshot and python-icat</p>\n<h2>AOB</h2>\n<h3>download statistics</h3>\n<p>DAPHNE: DOI landing page download statistics\nLouise: could do basics with google analytics - we have basic page tracking\nAlan: we use 3rd party service for some of our other services</p>\n<p>Kevin: we have an admin download page in DG to track what the current retrieval status</p>\n<p>Kevin: we do have an apprentice working on an ICAT dashboard project\nWe did have old dashboard, but stopped working on it - were some GDPR concerns</p>\n<h3>DOI stuff</h3>\n<p>Andy: Data Portal shows users emails e.g. on summary page\nLouise: we don't - don't want to get into that can of worms!\nAndy: meeting at ESRF to discuss it</p>\n<p>Andy: datacite API - old one (schema 3) depcrecated, must move to schema 4 before end of the year\nLouise/Kevin: new API DLS mentioned is using new one, some legacy services using old one</p>\n<h3>IDS</h3>\n<p>Alex: difference between data volume between DB filesize and filesize on disk. If different then download could fail. We now check both DB filesize and disk size. We've fixed it.</p>\n<p>Andy: tar vs zip - users had requested to use tar.\nKevin: Should be able to use tar - as either config option or api param perhaps\nAlso, zip compression option doesn't work - DLS user pointed this out for us</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"ICAT Collaboration Meeting 27th June 2024","date":"2024-06-27T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2024-meetings/20240627-meeting/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}