{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-17-17-february-2011/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Actions from ICAT collaboration meeting on 17 February 2011<br>\n17.0 – AM, TG – 17 February\n2011</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Id</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Tgt(2)</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>17.00</td>\n<td>Document the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>17.01</td>\n<td>Document the road map for icat4 and distribute for comm.</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>17.02</td>\n<td>Document the collaboration structure and distribute</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>17.03</td>\n<td>Consolidate open actions into tickets</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>03/03</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>17.04</td>\n<td>Invite Fabio to give a talk on 24/2 and invite collab.</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p><strong>(1) Collaborators:</strong></p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td></td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>ISIS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>FB</td>\n<td>Fabio Bonaccorso</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HG</td>\n<td>Holger Gebhard</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>Sri Nagella</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RS</td>\n<td>Richard Sinclair</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RD</td>\n<td>Roger Downing</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RF</td>\n<td>Ron Fowler</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 17 – 17 February 2011","date":"2011-02-17T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-17-17-february-2011/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}