---
title: Meeting 93 – 28 January 2016
date: 2016-01-28
---

# Agenda

  - Actions from meeting 92 (Steve)
  - Component development
      - ICAT (Steve)
      - ICAT Manager
      - Python-icat (Rolf)
      - IDS (Steve)
          - FUSE (Alex)
          - Globus transfer (Frazer)
          - SmartClient (Steve)
          - WebDAV (Kevin)
      - TopCAT (Jody) – with demo
      - IJP (Brian R)
      - ICAT Dashboard (Alex)
      - Face to Face meeting for 2016 (Steve)
  - Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)
  - AOB (Any)

Present: Frazer, Jody, Jianguo, Steve, Brian R, Kevin, Tom,  Rolf, Alex
dM and Shelley

Apologizes: Alex PD.

Action 92.0 Provide feedback on the ICAT enhancements paper.  Some have
been provided this can be marked as done.

Action 92.1Provide feedback on the idea of adding a DOI attribute to the
DatafileCollection. There have been no objections so it will happen in
ICAT 4.7

Action 92.3 Rolf has produced a python-icat survey but has only three
responses so far.

Action 91.0 Peter has added his Puppet modules to contrib and included a
link to Travis

Action 85.3 Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub. The action
was transferred from Andy to Alex de Maria.

  - Steve reported on progress with ICAT 4.6 which is almost ready to go
    out with the following new features:
      - “getProperties()” restful call to find out what can be revealed
        about a server without a sessionId. This includes maxEntities
        and information about the available authenticators. Requires
        updated authenticators
      - New calls added to the restful interface for lucene queries.
      - Documentation for the restful interface is now generated by
        MireDot.
      - Changes to properties files to work with container independent
        setup script.
      - Change from log4j to slf4j with logback
  - Steve also reported that ICAT 4.7 is in a good state with the
    following features:
      - A restful select can mention multiple quantities to be returned
      - A major re-write of the authorization code should make it more
        efficient in most cases as all the work is carried out by the
        database unless the INCLUDE mechanism is used.
      - COUNT queries will not fail because they are are counting more
        than maxEntities values
      - A couple of bugs in eclipse link result in incorrect information
        being returned. One of these bugs was trapped previously but
        with the generality of the queries now supported it has become
        impractical to trap.
      - A restful delete(Many) call has been added. Authz is applied to
        all entities involved
      - A restful write call to do both create(Many) and update(Many)
        has been written. Notifications are sent for all objects created
        and/or updated. Authz is also applied to all new or updated
        entries.
  - This was followed by a discussion about Rolf’s pull request to add a
    SOAP call to be able to find out about the authenticators (which is
    currently only available in the SOAP call). Steve wants to support
    the SOAP web service while it is needed – which will of course
    include bug fixes – but not to enhance it. He considers that the
    extra efficiency of the RESTful interface means that new application
    code should avoid the SOAP API. Shelley said she was happy to have
    only RESTful and Kevin emphasised the need to maintain the SOAP
    interface while it is needed by existing code.
  - Alex dM is starting to familiarise himself with the ICAT manager. He
    plans to visit RAL soon.
  - A small change is being made to the JMS messages that the Dashboard
    can pick up from the IDS. Rolf has found a possible bug and is
    investigating more possible race conditions.
  - Jody then gave a demo of TopCAT. The new interface was generally
    appreciated. Alex dM suggests that Jody make a screencast of his
    demo.  Shelley asked whether it would be possible for users
    to annotate metadata to help with re-running auto-reduction of
    their data.  This is not possible at present, but may be considered
    in future (along with other features such as the ability to mint
    DOIs).  Steve asked whether there are known performance issues
    with large volumes of data. There is no problem with ISIS but the
    Diamond data has not been indexed yet.
  - Steve reported that  from Alex PD had reported that a sprint review
    would be held mid February. It was suggested to give a demo at the
    next ICAT meeting.
  - Concerning the F2F meeting which we hope to co-locate with NOBUGS,
    Steve has not received a reply yet from the organisers.
  - Rolf reported they have a new person, “Michael Hellmig”.
  - Tom reported that there are now 1.1 billion files in the Diamond
    ICAT catalogue. They are not yet indexed – with an estimated four
    months to build the lucene index. (Note that at the time of writing
    these minutes the estimate is now four and a half days.)
  - Shelley said they have a second facility and are considering using
    the same ICAT instance for both. Kevin pointed out that for
    CLF separate ICAT instances are used for each laser, as their
    non-overlapping downtimes would otherwise make it difficult to
    schedule upgrades.
  - Alex dM asked whether TopCAT would be able to cope with different
    versions of ICAT and IDS. The general view was that this should be
    possible except for very old
versions.

# Actions

| **Item** | **Description**                                                               | **Assigned** |
| -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
| 93.0     | Make screencast of TopCAT demo                                                | Jody         |
| 93.1     | Demo of dashboard                                                             | Alex PD      |
| 92.2     | Provide information on LSF’s use and potential future use of ICAT components. | Jianguo      |
| 85.3     | Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub                               | Alex dM      |
| 74.0     | Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly                              | Steve        |
