{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-69-31-october-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 68 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of IDS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of TopCAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 69</h3>\n<p>Present: Steve, Frazer, Alistair, Kunal, Milan</p>\n<p>Apologies: Shelly, Jamie, Christophe, Tom</p>\n<p>Steve reported that he had talked to Bill and Stefan in ISIS about\nUmbrella authentication. He also reported that he had exchanged emails\nwith Bjorn at PSI. He said that he was making progress, but it was not\npossible to say when it would work, as completion is dependent on the\ncollaboration of the group.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that ICAT 4.3.0 was now available and he had only on\nreported fault.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that he was now working on IDS, and that he was confident\nthat the IDS release will be ready in November 2013.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that Wayne is making good progress with Topcat. It is\nexpected that Topcat 2.0 will be available in November 2013 and include\nsupport for IDS.</p>\n<p>Frazer reported that ISIS now has ICAT 4.3 available with Topcat 1.9.</p>\n<p>Steve reported that ISIS now has ICAT 4.3 available with Topcat 1.9.</p>\n<p>Milan reported that SV6 is due on 1 November and that the tests are\nrunning correctly at Elettra.</p>\n<p>Alistair reported that the materials for the training course on in the\ninstallation of the Pandata software stack are almost ready and that the\ncourse will take place next week.</p>\n<p>Alistair reported that good progress was being made with the ingester\nfor ESRF and that ingestion into the production ICAT at ESRF will start\nduring November.</p>\n<p>(Ed’s note – Jamie sent a report that ILL has recruited an additional\nengineer to work on the ILL catalogue. The engineer will start work in\nNovember).</p>\n<h3>Actions 69</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>69.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>69.01</td>\n<td>Make use of the new ISIS ICAT in SV6 on 1 November</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>69.02</td>\n<td>Make use of the new DLS ICAT in SV6 on 1 November</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>69.03</td>\n<td>Discuss that training course for Pandata and make changes to the materials</td>\n<td>AM/SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.01</td>\n<td>Fix the dates of the ICAT and Pandata meetings in Spring 2014</td>\n<td>TG/AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.02</td>\n<td>Send a note to TG about Nxingest</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>66.04</td>\n<td>Discuss with Erica Yang issues of mutual concern</td>\n<td>Shelly</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>64.02</td>\n<td>Schedule a web cast on the contents of ICAT 4.3</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Cancelled</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 69 – 31 October 2013","date":"2013-10-31T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-69-31-october-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}