content/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin.md, before:

---
title: Berlin 2023
---

# ICAT F2F Meeting – Berlin – 3rd and 4th May 2023

See also the [indico site](https://events.hifis.net/event/778/).

![Attendees of the 2023 ICAT F2F in Berlin](/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin-group.jpg "Attendees of the 2023 ICAT F2F in Berlin")

## Agenda

### Processed Data (Wednesday, 3rd May, 09:30)

- [DOI and User Upload](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/1.1-Kemp-DOI_and_User_Upload.pdf) (Alexander Kemp)
- [Processed Data at ESRF](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/1.2-de-Maria-Processed_Data.pdf) (Alex de Maria)
- PIDs for Raw Data and Data Publications at HZB (Rolf Krahl, no slides)

### Metadata in ICAT (Experiment Parameters, Samples) (Wednesday, 3rd May, 11:00)

- [Dataset Parameters at HZB](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.1-Krahl-Dataset_Parameters_HZB.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)
- [Experiment Parameters at the ESRF](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.2-Bodin-Experiment_Parameters_ESRF.pdf) (Marjolaine Bodin)
- [ICAT Metadata at Diamond](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.3-Collins-ICAT_Metadata_Diamond.pdf) (Steve Collins)
- Samples at ISIS and Diamond (Kevin Phipps, no slides)

### Performance Issues (Wednesday, 3rd May, 13:00)

- [ICAT Performance: Rules and Public Steps](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.1-Austin-ICAT_Performance_Rules_and_Public_Steps.pdf) (Patrick Austin)
- [ICAT and SciCat Evaluation](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.2-Phipps-ICAT_and_SciCat_Evaluation.pdf) (Kevin Phipps)
- [Improving ICAT Performance](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.2-Phipps-Improving_ICAT_Performance.pdf) (Kevin Phipps, not presented during the meeting)

### Front-End (Wednesday, 3rd May, 14:30)

- [DataGateway](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/4.1-Davies-DataGateway.pdf) (Louise Davies)
- [ESRF Datahub](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/4.2-de-Maria-ESRF_Datahub.pdf) (Alex de Maria)

### Community Engagement (Wednesday, 3rd May, 16:30)

- [ICAT Community Life](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/5.1-Götz-ICAT_Community_Life.pdf) (Andy Götz)

### ICAT Roadmap (Thursday, 4th May, 09:00)

### Container and Orchestration, Packaging (Thursday, 4th May, 10:30)

- Some Preliminary Work on Containerising Front-End Components (Alan Kyffin, no slides)
- [A Docker Image for ICAT and Deployment at HZB](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.1-Krahl-Docker_Image_ICAT_and_Deployment_HZB.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)
- [ICAT – Kubernetes Deployment at Alba](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.2-Quirós-ICAT_Kubernetes_Deployment_Alba.pdf) (Rodrigo Cabezas Quirós)
- [Metadata Ingest Using python-icat](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.3-Krahl-Metadata_Ingest_Using_python-icat.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)

### Misc techbits (Thursday, 4th May, 13:00)

- [ICAT Free Text Search](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.1-Austin-ICAT_Free_Text_Search.pdf) (Patrick Austin)
- [DataGateway API & Search API](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.2-Bozhinov-DataGateway_and_Search_API.pdf) (Viktor Bozhinov)
- [Link ICAT with a Keycloak SSO](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.3-Krahl-Link_ICAT_with_Keycloak_SSO.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)

### Open Discussion, Conclusion (Thursday, 4th May, 15:00)

- [Some Considerations on Samples](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/9.1-Krahl-Considerations_Samples.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)

Commit message:

Add (copies from the hackmd.io site of) collaborative notes

content/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin.md, after:

---
title: Berlin 2023
---

# ICAT F2F Meeting – Berlin – 3rd and 4th May 2023

See also:

- the [indico site](https://events.hifis.net/event/778/),
- the [collaborative notes from the first day](/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2023-berlin-collaborative-notes-1/),
- the [collaborative notes from the second day](/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2023-berlin-collaborative-notes-2/),
- the [notes on the ICAT Roadmap](/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2023-berlin-roadmap-notes/).

![Attendees of the 2023 ICAT F2F in Berlin](/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin-group.jpg "Attendees of the 2023 ICAT F2F in Berlin")

## Agenda

### Processed Data (Wednesday, 3rd May, 09:30)

- [DOI and User Upload](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/1.1-Kemp-DOI_and_User_Upload.pdf) (Alexander Kemp)
- [Processed Data at ESRF](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/1.2-de-Maria-Processed_Data.pdf) (Alex de Maria)
- PIDs for Raw Data and Data Publications at HZB (Rolf Krahl, no slides)

### Metadata in ICAT (Experiment Parameters, Samples) (Wednesday, 3rd May, 11:00)

- [Dataset Parameters at HZB](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.1-Krahl-Dataset_Parameters_HZB.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)
- [Experiment Parameters at the ESRF](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.2-Bodin-Experiment_Parameters_ESRF.pdf) (Marjolaine Bodin)
- [ICAT Metadata at Diamond](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/2.3-Collins-ICAT_Metadata_Diamond.pdf) (Steve Collins)
- Samples at ISIS and Diamond (Kevin Phipps, no slides)

### Performance Issues (Wednesday, 3rd May, 13:00)

- [ICAT Performance: Rules and Public Steps](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.1-Austin-ICAT_Performance_Rules_and_Public_Steps.pdf) (Patrick Austin)
- [ICAT and SciCat Evaluation](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.2-Phipps-ICAT_and_SciCat_Evaluation.pdf) (Kevin Phipps)
- [Improving ICAT Performance](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/3.2-Phipps-Improving_ICAT_Performance.pdf) (Kevin Phipps, not presented during the meeting)

### Front-End (Wednesday, 3rd May, 14:30)

- [DataGateway](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/4.1-Davies-DataGateway.pdf) (Louise Davies)
- [ESRF Datahub](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/4.2-de-Maria-ESRF_Datahub.pdf) (Alex de Maria)

### Community Engagement (Wednesday, 3rd May, 16:30)

- [ICAT Community Life](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/5.1-Götz-ICAT_Community_Life.pdf) (Andy Götz)

### ICAT Roadmap (Thursday, 4th May, 09:00)

### Container and Orchestration, Packaging (Thursday, 4th May, 10:30)

- Some Preliminary Work on Containerising Front-End Components (Alan Kyffin, no slides)
- [A Docker Image for ICAT and Deployment at HZB](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.1-Krahl-Docker_Image_ICAT_and_Deployment_HZB.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)
- [ICAT – Kubernetes Deployment at Alba](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.2-Quirós-ICAT_Kubernetes_Deployment_Alba.pdf) (Rodrigo Cabezas Quirós)
- [Metadata Ingest Using python-icat](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/7.3-Krahl-Metadata_Ingest_Using_python-icat.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)

### Misc techbits (Thursday, 4th May, 13:00)

- [ICAT Free Text Search](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.1-Austin-ICAT_Free_Text_Search.pdf) (Patrick Austin)
- [DataGateway API & Search API](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.2-Bozhinov-DataGateway_and_Search_API.pdf) (Viktor Bozhinov)
- [Link ICAT with a Keycloak SSO](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/8.3-Krahl-Link_ICAT_with_Keycloak_SSO.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)

### Open Discussion, Conclusion (Thursday, 4th May, 15:00)

- [Some Considerations on Samples](/pdf/collaboration/communication/face-to-face-meetings/2023-berlin/9.1-Krahl-Considerations_Samples.pdf) (Rolf Krahl)
