---
title: ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 26th March 2026
date: 2026-03-26
chair: Kevin
scribe: Louise & Patrick
---

## Attendance

Attendees:
- Rolf Krahl
- Louise Davies
- Marjolaine Bodin
- Silvia Sottini
- Kevin Phipps
- Malik Almohammad
- Patrick Austin
- Santhosh Anandarama
- Antony Wilson

## Agenda

## Site Updates

### SESAME

No updates - everything still running fine. 

### HZB

No news.

### ESRF

2 weeks ago, HOA wesbite had issues with ICAT. New article published, lots of visits caused ICAT to be slow. We don't know underlying cause, Alex made HOA static to not request to ICAT anymore. Need to investigate if it's too many connections, long queries etc. caused DB to crash.

Working on notifying users at end of embargo period.

Working on ESRF techniques ontology, updating to use W3ID. Pushing beamlines to use techniques - soon MX beamlines.

Alex working on CryoEM visualisation.

Working on aria2c download.

&nbsp;

KP: Remember Alex asking about DB setup to look at scaling, reliability etc. across different ICAT facilities. Did anything come from that?

MB: HOA usecase we query on multiple investigations. VS dataportal usually 1 investigation. Maybe this caused the issue?

KP: general slowness hard to debug, we've had issues in past

MB: each page opens new anonymous session. Maybe try to cache anonymous session

RK: in theory caching session ID should be easy

### ISIS

Nothing major. Metadata issues.

Talks about migrating backup system. DMF retiring.

Migrate current servers to new VM software.

### DLS

Recently had a demo of the open data, DOI minting process together with Diamond legal team and some scientists. It went very well and got some useful feedback as well, which will need to be reconsidered or be worked on further. But issues not on the ICAT/DataGateway side. That's been the main thing.

Kevin has been looking at DB problems. No problems at the moment, but investigating preventative measures.

## Component Updates

### icat.server

RK: thanks to Patrick for PR on Lucene indexing on Sample branch.

&nbsp;

PA: minor change to icat.server - some missing entities in the default Lucene indexing list. They can be indexed by manually specified but omission from default list is a mistake

### ids.server

KP: D3A range header issues - someone looking at this Rolf?

RK: not had time to look at yet

KP: but you intend to fix?

RK: yes

## AOB

### SEPIA

AW: Following on from the ICAT F2F meeting, started an instance in our cloud. We're having scaling issues getting sample information out of our ISIS dev database. We were interesting in showing that to ISIS and seeing what can be done with it. For the frontend side we would look at integrating with DataGateway.

RK: trying out SEPIA?

AW: yes

RK: Nice!

AW: Brian Matthews has talked for a while about pushing better Sample stuff. So after ICAT F2F thought we should explore it. Was it summer you were thinking for deployment?

RK: currenlty at stage to be tested by friendly users. Just waiting for my work on ICAT upgrades.

### new search component

Reilly starting work on new search component idea Alan proposed at ICAT F2F

### NOBUGS

MB: anyone have plans to go and present at NOBUGS in September?

KP: someone in department mentioned it, but no plans at the moment - up to Antony

RK: Hamburg area

AW: would be good to send at least someone

### PaNET

RK: meeting with PaNET group. Marjolaine - mentioned transitioned to W3id. We want to do same for PaNET - could you or Nadine get in touch?
MB: sure, I'll talk to Nadine

&nbsp;

RK: need more expert review on techniques. So call for experts to join discussion. Someone from each facility that could be contacted & can talk to appropriate instrument scientists. Neutrons underrepresented - ISIS join effort?

KP: We don't have links to ISIS instrument scientists.

LD: We probably should open up to ISIS better. Do ISIS people even know about PaNET? Need to build the relationship - Antony has mentioned wanted to improve this.

KP: Hopefully in the future. Never been very easy. When I worked in the ISIS user office, getting in contact with instrument scientists still wasnt easy.