---
title: ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 28th May 2026
date: 2026-05-28
chair: Kevin
scribe: Patrick & Louise
---

## Attendance

Attendees:

- Rolf Krahl
- Alan Kyffin
- Chris Prosser
- Louise Davies
- Gabriel Preuss
- Marjolaine Bodin
- Kevin Phipps
- Patrick Austin
- Alex de Maria

## Agenda

## Site Updates

### HZB

No update

### ESRF

- Process to renew the CoreTrsutSeal certification.
- Otherwise not much

### ISIS

Santosh via LD: been working on changes to ingest to account for instrument pids to link to auto-generated Investigation DOIs. Also internal work on upgrading APIs. Patching.

### DLS

Tape library updates, patching, file aggregrator upgrade to make recalls more robust, discussions around deletion of Diamond data, Diamond 2 data rates, working on DOIs still

KP: Reference datasets for each beamline. They take a know sample, publish the results of this.

AdM: Coming from MX?

KP: Initially yes, but a number of beamline scientists from Diamond said they want this as well. We were thinking to do a one off for the MX person asking for it but now it seems like a wider thing and want to do it properly.

AdM: We don't have requests for this.

KP: Thinking of doing a new view for DataGateway for reference data only, filtering by instrument.

AdM: for commercial activity. For a while there was a group of people develping software. For a period of time, outputs were compromised. Thinking was that maybe we could publish a reference dataset every e.g. week. Then external consultants could view and verify this. But the beamline staff were not happy with someone from outside the facility being able to verify what they are doing. Will this be impleemented at diamond?

KP: Sounds like it. a number of users are pushing for it. Started talking about it with MX but now those outside of MX are talking about it as well. Now just thinking about how to implement.

AdM: Data public as soon as it's collected? [yes] Investigations for Datasets? [yes]

KP: They were thinking of having ongoing Investigations for reference data and make all of them open.

RK: Not completely the same thing, but within XAS they have reference databases for samples. Idea is to have well curated datasets for different sorts of things. Setting up external databases for reference spectra.

KP: ISIS have something similar. They tag calibration data and becomes open immediately as well.

RK: spectrums per sample. If you have unknown spectra, can compare to well known spectra

PA: yes, can identify unknown signal by looking at references of constituent  parts

PA: re-measuring metal foils. is it good beam time to remeasure, or use reference data from good source?

KP: more what was discussed before, check that the beamline was operating correctly & data pipeline operated correctly.

## Component Updates

### icat.server

No updates.

KP: Log out issue, did it get fixed?

PA: think so, should have been merged & reported in previous meeting

KP: logging exceptions due to SOAP library.

PA: yes, merged mid April so reported last month

KP: yes, so that will be in the next release. hopefully clean up log files

### ids.server

No updates

## AOB

Nothing discussed
