{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-63-25-july-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meeting 62 (Chair)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Feedback on new components (authn_simple, topcat 1.9, ice and\nicat-setup (All)</li>\n<li>Feedback on changes to query language, authz rules etc (All)</li>\n<li>Feedback on guidelines for developers (All)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (All)</li>\n<li>AOB (All)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 63</h3>\n<p>Present: Juergen, Milan, George, Shelley, Tom, Brian, Kevin and Steve\n(Chair)</p>\n<p>There was no progress on any of the actions.</p>\n<p>Steve: ICAT 4.3 is still progressing well. There is a problem in the\nMySQL migration script. It is hoped that when this is converted to\nOracle the error may become apparent. It currently looks like a MySQL\nbug. Besides this the only work left to do is the new query language and\nrelated authz changes. Old style queries are being parsed and converted\ninto the new JPQL style. They will then be subject to the new\nauthorization code. This means that because the authz code is changing\nthe data that comes back from INCLUDE may change in 4.3. Some\nmodifications to authz rules may be needed to restore the old behaviour\nif so desired.</p>\n<p>Tom: A couple of feature requests for TopCAT have been submitted, ice\nand icat-setup seem to work as advertised.</p>\n<p>Steve: Feedback on the query language changes had been received saying\nthat we should keep the old language for an extended period. This is to\navoid forcing people to change and because its simplicity is\nappreciated. There seems to be no problem with this. Following a\nquestion from Tom, it was explained that authz rules would be applied to\nincluded entities but that a mechanism would be provided to say that it\nwas always allowed to go from one specific entity type to another: for\nexample from Dataset to Datafile.</p>\n<p>The developer guidelines were discussed briefly. Antony had requested by\ne-mail the inclusion of something about logging. Tom questioned the need\nto provide a python install script for the trivial installations, but\nagreed that, if it were provided, then it should be in python and follow\nthe guidelines. Tom would also like to see some documentation on what\nthe scripts were doing. He was happy to have a verbose option to provide\nthis.</p>\n<p>AOB: Earlier in the meeting Shelley had asked about the IDS – Steve\nemphasised that though it had been made available to parts of PanData it\nwas not yet a supported ICAT component. Juergen expressed an interest in\nusing OpenId with ICAT however he has no spare effort at the moment to\ndo anything about it. Brian asked what was being done about organising\nthe ICAT part of the Barcelona meeting. Steve suggested that it should\nhave two parts: one relating to PanData and a more general part. An\naction has been added for Steve and\nAlistair.</p>\n<h3>Actions 63</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>63.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.01</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.02</td>\n<td>Write a note about glassfish configuration to reduce https overhead</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.03</td>\n<td>Write a note about GF 4 and AJP</td>\n<td>Alistair</td>\n<td>ApacheAndGlassfish<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/ApacheAndGlassfish\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.03</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n<td>.</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>63.01</td>\n<td>Plan the ICAT meeting in Barcelona</td>\n<td>Steve/Alistair</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 63 – 25 July 2013","date":"2013-07-25T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-63-25-july-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}