{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-97-26-may-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>AGENDA</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 96 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE (Alex)</del></li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Alex P-D)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies: Brian R, Alex dM, Alex P-D</p>\n<p>Present: Rolf, Shelly, Milan, Frazer, Rebecca, Sylvia, Jody, Jianguo,\nTom, Steve, Brian M, Peter</p>\n<p>Action 96.0: Tom has now identified someone who would be able to produce\nthe TopCAT screencast however the action will remain with Tom for the\npresent.</p>\n<p>Action 96.1: The dashboard snapshot has been delayed because of concerns\nexpressed by an STFC DBA about some potentially expensive queries.</p>\n<p>Action 92.2: Jianguo has provided information on Octopus’s use and\npotential future use of ICAT components.</p>\n<p>Action 74.0: Steve has finally looked into JDBC connector resilience\nwith Wildfly. He reported that the mechanism is rather different from\nthe Glassfish one but it would appear to be OK and has been coded into\nthe setup_utils.py library.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve reported that a number of components – in particular\nicat.server and and icat.client 4.7.0 and ids.server 1.6.0 has been\nreleased.</li>\n<li>Rolf told the meeting that python-icat 0.11 was almost ready.</li>\n<li>Frazer explained that the IDS Globus transfer was better called\nPollCat and that it had a number of plugins – one of which was for\nGlobus file transfer.  PollCat is currently in a private repository\nbut will shortly be moved.</li>\n<li>Kevin said that the WebDav interface was still not general and so\nwill remain in a private repository until it has been made more\ngeneral.</li>\n<li>Jody reported that a second TopCAT 2.0.1 snapshot has been produced.\nThis may be one that can be released. It is currently planned to add\nDOI generation to the next TopCAT – presumably 2.1.0. Rolf said he\nwould like to see file upload (which was in TopCAT 1.13.0) to be\nadded as well.</li>\n<li>Rebecca said that Brian was restructuring the Rest API of the IJP\nserver to be JSON only and that there were plans to allow TopCAT to\nbe able to make calls to this IJP server.</li>\n</ul>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.0</td>\n<td>Assign screencast role for the TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.1</td>\n<td>Release a snapshot of the Dashboard</td>\n<td>Alex/Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 97 – 26 May 2016","date":"2016-05-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-97-26-may-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}