{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20231130-meeting/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h2>Attendance</h2>\n<p>Attendees:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Alejandra Gonzalez-Beltran</li>\n<li>Rolf Krahl</li>\n<li>Salman Matalgah</li>\n<li>Louise Davies</li>\n<li>Gabriel Preu√ü</li>\n<li>Viktor Bozhin</li>\n<li>Alan Kyffin</li>\n<li>Kistry Syder</li>\n<li>Patrick Austin (late)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Apologies:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Chris Prosser</li>\n<li>ESRF</li>\n</ul>\n<h2>Site Updates</h2>\n<h3>SESAME:</h3>\n<p>lunch production ICAT - successful, adapted new front-end - ICAT+\nbased on their approach, ingestion using some metadata coming from user support software and data acquision group, ingestion with that technique\nIntegrating authentication w/ Active Directory - working perfectly\nWill be ready soon (1-2 months), some concerns about making it open to the public internet but resolvable</p>\n<p>Gave a demo of their ICAT + DataHub stack</p>\n<p>Simple, but getting more functionality is harder\nDownload working\nESRF offered the HDF5 browser, working at SESAME</p>\n<p>Alejandra: is your data on tape?\nSalman: long term storage under construction, short term storage is 0.5PB (accessible by both NFS/SAMBA and data portal)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>going to work with ESRF on backup solution</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Open data access &#x26; data policy is WIP as well</p>\n<p>Salman: keen to write a paper to document our knowledge - welcome for suggestions for conferences</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Rolf suggested NOBUGS if they don't mind waiting</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>HZB:</h3>\n<p>not much to report</p>\n<h3>ISIS: (update from Louise)</h3>\n<p>Fixing some metadata (facility cycles)\nNew starter working on ICAT stack</p>\n<h3>DLS: (update from Kevin)</h3>\n<p>Nothing that affects collaboration</p>\n<h2>Component Updates</h2>\n<h3>ids.server</h3>\n<p>Payara 6 release on the way (2.0.0)</p>\n<ul>\n<li>thought to update ids.plugin 2.0.0</li>\n<li>no changes just want to build for Java 11</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Miredot documentation still not building\nAlan: I raised issue to Miredot, still haven't fixed it\nRolf: did you upload the docs manually?\nAlan: yes\nRolf: probably should do the same then for ids</p>\n<p>Alejandra: noticed some work from Gabriel being done?\nRolf: that's a future release - part of the refactoring work</p>\n<ul>\n<li>will take a long time</li>\n<li>will be 3.0.0 release</li>\n<li>internal redesign, not planned to change the behaviour</li>\n<li>after this, various open issues can be considered</li>\n<li>hopefull can streamline various forks into one again</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Gabriel added automatic linting recently</p>\n<ul>\n<li>first step to looking at the whole codebase</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Alejandra: plan to change things e.g. that it's single-threaded?\nRolf: core is single threaded, but e.g. web handlers and deferred handlers (?) are multi-threaded\nSynchronised locking holds back perfomance - this could be tackled once codebase is cleaner</p>\n<h3>python-icat</h3>\n<p>1.2.0 release\nMinor change</p>\n<ul>\n<li>re: moving HZB ingest internal code into python-icat</li>\n<li>others mentioned they were interested at the F2F meeting</li>\n<li>fix linking between samples and datasets(?)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Kevin: is the documentation\nRolf: yes, but it needs some improvement!\nIt reads XML ingest file (ingest into ICAT, not ingest data)\nIt's restricted to only what's possible to ingest\nKevin: could be used for CLF who needs a new ingestion system\nRolf: I'm happy to help, XML file document format isn't well documented\nKevin: I'll come and speak about it\nRolf: there are some example files in the release</p>\n<h3>icat-ansible</h3>\n<p>Created an issue on repo\nUpdated config file, ansible setup now fails\nCould someone fix it?\nAlan: I'll take a look today</p>\n<h3>icat.oaipmh, authn.oidc</h3>\n<p>Release for Payara 6\nDependabot alert for logback - will need another patch release</p>\n<h3>icat.server</h3>\n<p>No updates from STFC components</p>\n<h2>AOB</h2>\n<h3>Next Collaboration Meeting / meeting schedules</h3>\n<p>change of time - earlier in the day so that Jordan colleagues can join more easily, potentially different day as Thursday is final day of week for Jordan colleagues as well</p>\n<p>Maybe move to 1pm GMT?</p>\n<ul>\n<li>it's still a Thursday for Jordinian colleagues</li>\n<li>Patrick: can't go to early, need to consider Brazil time</li>\n<li>1pm GMT is still within sensible working hours for Brazil</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Maybe send a doodle poll round</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Alejandra is going to do this</li>\n</ul>","frontmatter":{"title":"ICAT Collaboration Meeting - 30th November 2023","date":"2023-11-30T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2023-meetings/20231130-meeting/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}