{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-110-28-september-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 109 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve/Stuart)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li><del>Python-icat (Rolf)</del></li>\n<li>IDS (Steve/Stuart)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Jamie)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody/Brian)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Jamie)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve/Stuart)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li><del>Website (Stuart)</del></li>\n<li>Next F2F Meeting – Stuart/Andy</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present:<br>\nApologies: Rolf, Tom</p>\n<p>Actions from\n109</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>106.2</td>\n<td>Produce response to Andy’s review and an action plan to address the problems.</td>\n<td>Steve + Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>109.1</td>\n<td>Produce agenda for F2F</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 110 – 28 September 2017","date":"2017-09-28T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-110-28-september-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}