{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-101-22-september-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 100 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 and NOBUGS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Kevin, Frazer, Jody, Jeremy, Tom Griffin, Tom Gowland,\nJianguo, Milan, Peter, Rolf, Andy, Gordon Brown, Brian M</p>\n<p>Apologies: Cathy</p>\n<p>Action 98.1: Kevin has been looking into the states for STFC production\ndeployments and is working on producing the report.</p>\n<p>Action 99.0: Produce a screencast for the TopCAT demo: Tom Gowland\nreported that he has split the screencast into two separate videos, one\naimed at facilities and another, shorter video aimed at users. He also\nreported that he is looking for feeback about the screencasts.</p>\n<p>Action 100.0: There turned out to be no upgrade path needed and Jody was\nable to confirm this.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT: Steve reported that he has improved the documentation for the\nICAT client and server. He also reported that he has released the\n4.8.0 snapshot. This update allows the server to update individual\nattributes for DOIs and it also adds the clone entity operation. The\nclient now has a new python class which uses the RESTful API and\nhandles error conditions better.</li>\n<li>IDS: Steve reported that the IDS now supports multiple datafiles\nthat have the same location.</li>\n<li>WebDav: Tom Gowland reported that he has been working on making\nWebDav more responsive as well as allowing it to be more dynamic. He\nhas been working on issues related to Windows file path issues where\ncertain characters are not allowed. Steve reported that WestLife are\ninterested in WebDav.</li>\n<li>TopCAT: Jody reported that there has been a significance performance\nincrease mainly due to the optimization of the loading spinners.\nTopCAT is now also more pluggable and he is currently working on a\nDOI plugin which can be used at Diamond and now thinks it will be\nmore sensible to produce a separate DOI plugin for ISIS if the\nDiamond one can’t be used there.</li>\n<li>Dashboard: Tom Gowland reported that he has been working through the\nvarious tickets surrounding Dashboard in the hope to get a more\neasily deployable application that works for multiple hierarchies.\nHe has also been doing some front-end development to add more graphs\nto the main pages of Dashboard.</li>\n<li>NOBUGS: Steve reported that the deadline for submitting talks is the\n4 ^(th) of October. Brian Matthews commented that he thinks that\nthere should be a reference paper for ICAT and the ICAT family in\ngeneral. Steve also appealed for anyone wishing to do a site report\nas well as anyone happy to do a session about using Docker. Rolf and\nPeter agreed to do a session on Docker.</li>\n<li>AOB: Rolf reported that if IDS gets an I/O error that it currently\nisn’t logged. Steve said that he would look into it. Andy reported\nproblems with Lucene and asked if they could be down to the\nspecification of his machine. Kevin reported that this should be\naddressed in the report that he is producing and there was general\nagreement that 500MB was probably not enough RAM for Lucene\nindexing. Brian Matthews reported that the Research Data Alliance\n(RDA) are interested in the interop abilities between ICAT and other\ndata catalogues.</li>\n</ul>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.1</td>\n<td>Publish state for STFC production deployments</td>\n<td>Kevin</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 101 – 22 September 2016","date":"2016-09-22T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-101-22-september-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}