{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-78-18-september-2014/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 77 (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT development (Steve)</li>\n<li>An eclipse based ICAT editor  (Christophe)</li>\n<li>IDS development (Steve)</li>\n<li>TopCAT development (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP development (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Apologies: Milan and Alistair</p>\n<p>Present: Wayne, Steve, David, Rolf, Andy, Kevin, Christophe, Brian M and\nBrian R</p>\n<p>Unfortunately Anton Telechev and Matt Viljoen were both unable to attend\nbecause of problems with hangouts. I hope to understand what went wrong\nso that we get it right next time.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Action 77.0 – Steve has added a couple of people to the icatgroup\nlist – including Andy.</li>\n<li>Action 77.1 – Steve updated the road map as agreed at the last\nmeeting. The main change was to include less in icat.server 4.4.0.\nso that it could be released sooner. This had been advertised. One\nperson said he was happy and nobody opposed it so the word “Draft”\nhas been removed.</li>\n<li>Action 75.1 – This action relating to topcatadmin is no longer\nrelevant as we are now thinking about TopCAT 2</li>\n<li>Action 75.4 – Andy has prepared a set of Use Cases relevant to\nTopCAT these should be publicised very soon.</li>\n<li>Steve reported that progress with icat.server 4.4.0 is good. He has\ntwo major things to solve – “the DISTINCT problem” which was a hack\nintroduced  to avoid multiple copies of the same entity being\nreturned when someone was authorized by more than one route and\nauthz to include projections. As the former is a bug rather than an\nenhancement it will be tackled first. A release is expected in about\na month.</li>\n<li>Christophe presented an Eclipse based ICAT editor. This has\nfunctionality conceptually similar to that of ICE but is much more\npleasant to use and requires no installation. He had a problem with\nan earlier version with huge combo box menus but has been able to\nintroduce a filtering mechanism to avoid this problem. It will be\nmade generally available very shortly.</li>\n<li>Steve reported that updates to the various IDS components had been\nmade he referred to the release notes such as <a href=\"http://icatproject.org/mvn/site/ids/server/1.2.0/release-notes.html\">those for the\nserver</a>\nand for the\n<a href=\"http://icatproject.org/mvn/site/ids/client/1.1.0/release-notes.html\">client</a>\n. There was a brief discussion on the limit imposed by the IDS\nclient on the size of URLs that it will send as GET calls. This may\nresult in a bug report.</li>\n<li>Wayne stated that TopCAT 1.12.0 had been released. The alternative\nlayout proposals from Anton were discussed however as mentioned\nabove he was unfortunately not connected in. Anton’s diagrams seem\nto show support of only one ICAT rather than multiple ICATs. Wayne\nliked the generally simpler views that Anton presented and will\nincorporate what he considers to be improvements from Anton. Ideas\nwhich are not accepted will be discussed. Wayne will also make sure\nthat the use cases from Andy are accommodated by the design. There\nwas a brief discussion about the “shopping cart”. Wayne explained\nthat for single data files, datasets or investigations they could be\ndownloaded immediately without using the cart. Andy was interested\nin having some visualization features if practical and also being\nable to see more of the information that is available in ICAT.</li>\n<li>Brian R described the work he had been doing on the IJP writing a\nbatch interface to talk to Platform LSF. The IJP has been modified\nto talk to a standardised batch interface of which we now have\nthree. Andy said that they had potential users but they would need\nto have support for <a href=\"http://oar.imag.fr/dokuwiki/doku.php\">OAR</a></li>\n<li>Under AOB, Andy asked how to produce a robust ICAT deployment. Steve\nsaid that since icat.server 4.3.3 multiple servers could communicate\nwith one database but they must be correctly configured. There is\nalso the issue of configuring glassfish to make good use of an\nOracle RAC</li>\n</ul>\n<p>system.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th>ITEM</th>\n<th>DESCRIPTION</th>\n<th>ASSIGNED</th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>78.0</td>\n<td>Release Eclipse based ICAT editor</td>\n<td>Christophe</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>78.1</td>\n<td>Merge Anton’s material and try to satisfy TopCAT uses cases from Andy.</td>\n<td>Wayne</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>78.2</td>\n<td>Make sure that install scripts and/or documentation includes configuration of glassfish for Oracle RAC system</td>\n<td>Kevin</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>75.4</td>\n<td>Submit TopCAT Use Cases/requirements</td>\n<td>Andy</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>61.1</td>\n<td>Put the simple ICAT browser into contrib when it is ready</td>\n<td>Condie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>60.3</td>\n<td>Finalise a release of IJP and send a note to the mailing list</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 78 – 18 September 2014","date":"2014-09-18T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2014-meetings/meeting-78-18-september-2014/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}