{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-98-23-june-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>AGENDA</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 97 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE (Alex)</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Alex P-D)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 and NOBUGS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present:Present: Steve, Kevin, Tom, Becky, Jianguo, Brian R,\nSylvie, Peter, Milan, Rolf, Alex dM, Shelley</p>\n<p>Action 96.1 Release a snapshot of the Dashboard. This has gone into\nproduction for ISIS but has not been formally released. This will be\naddressed when Alex P-D is back.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Python-icat: Rolf reported that he had released version 0.11.0 with\nsupport for icat 4.7</li>\n<li>IDS: Steve has been thinking about multiple servers and multiple\ncaches. This will be discussed at RAL and then the ideas circulated\nunless the ideas turn out not to be useful.</li>\n<li>PollCat:  Frazer has moved the code to the icatproject github.</li>\n<li>SmartClient: Steve reported that there had been no changes and that\nhe was still waiting for integration into TopCAT by Jody.</li>\n<li>WebDAV: Kevin reported that Alex was due to make it more generic so\nthat it could aslo be used by ISIS.  Octopus/CLF are considering\nusing it. He also reported that there is a known vulnerability with\nWebDAV and that he working on a fix.</li>\n<li>TopCAT: Kevin reported that Jody had deployed a new version for ISIS\nbut that this is an ad-hoc snapshot.</li>\n<li>IJP: Brian R reported that the new AngularJS GUI being developed by\nBecky is taking shape and that he is still<br>\nworking on getting the RESTful API to the point where the GUI can\nuse it. Generally this means changing the responses to return JSON\nobjects with all the info that the GUI needs.</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard: Kevin reported that  Alex P-D had installed it for\nISIS. The results are interesting . It will be released properly\nonce Alex is back.</li>\n<li>repo.icatproject.org : Steve reported that this was now ready to  be\npublished to by maven. To get to use it you just need\na username/password to be stored on the server.</li>\n<li>The NOBUGS abstract deadline is 1st July. Steve suggests paper on\nrecent developments in ICAT and Tom suggests a separate publication\non IJP as talks are limited to 15 minutes plus 5 minutes for\ndiscussion.</li>\n<li>Rolf asks does anybody know anything about memory usage of glassfish\nin deployments? HZB are planning to buy hardware, so need estimates.\nTom replied that STFC  use VMs and could circulate specs for them.\nThe IDS is run on a physical box to get the best network\nperformance.</li>\n<li>Rolf told the meeting that HZB were adopting a data policy which was\n due to be published. There was an interst from the meeting in\nseeing this policy.</li>\n<li>Tom announced that he is leaving Scientific Computing Department to\nbecome the ISIS computing group leader. He will be less directly\ninvolved in ICAT, but will appear from time to</li>\n</ul>\n<p>time.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.0</td>\n<td>Assign screencast role for the TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>96.1</td>\n<td>Release a snapshot of the Dashboard</td>\n<td>Alex/Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.0</td>\n<td>Get Brian R a miredot licence for the IJP.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.1</td>\n<td>Publish stats for STFC production deployments.</td>\n<td>Tom and Kevin</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.2</td>\n<td>Distribute pointer to  HZB data policy when it is published</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 98 – 23 June 2016","date":"2016-06-23T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-98-23-june-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}