{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-105-23-march-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda:</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 104 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>Review of website (Andy)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Steve, Jianguo, Tom Gowland, Rolf, Jody, Peter, Frazer, Milan</p>\n<p>Apologies: Alex, Andy, Kevin, Tom Griffin, Alastair</p>\n<p>Actions from\n104</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p>Action 102.1: Rolf reported that this is ongoing and is dependent on the\nwork being done on the internal logging in the IDS.</p>\n<p>Action 102.2: Brian was not present to discuss this action.</p>\n<p>Component Development</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT</strong> – Steve reported that 8 snapshots have been released as part of\n4.9. The Lucene release requires Payara and all of the other releases\nsupport Payara as well as GlassFish 4.0. Steve also reported that the\nsame installation scripts from Glassfish installations can still be used\nand that Payara is externally almost identical to Glassfish. Steve has\nalso made changes to the RESTful authenticators and notes  that if you\nspecify a JNDI  it will be preferred to a RESTful url. Therefore, any\nconfiguration of the authenticators should be done with care at this\npoint. Rolf has messaged the group to further explore the issues that\nhe’s been having with installing the new releases on GlassFish 4.0.\nSteve said he would look further into Rolf’s issues and try to reproduce\nthe errors by installing the new releases on GlassFish 4.0.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS</strong> – Steve is still awaiting a reply from Rolf regarding IDS\nlocking issues. Steve also suggested that Java’s own reentrantlock class\nmight be useful in the development of IDS. Rolf said he would look into\nthis. Steve reported that he has recently been looking into issues that\nDiamond have been having with the IDS. The isPrepared call might take a\nlong time at the moment. A fix has been coded and will be available in\nthe next release along with  a more efficient getSize. This next release\nwill also use the new style property configuration files.</p>\n<p><strong>PollCat</strong> – Frazer reported that there has recently been more movement\nin the staging of data onto the Scarf cluster at STFC. There will also\nbe further developments so that PollCat can make use of the isPrepared\ncall which is being introduced into the IDS.</p>\n<p><strong>IDAV</strong> – Tom Gowland reported that recent developments have been\nfocussed on adding a MyData view to the top level structure of IDAV.\nWhen IDAV was given to users at ISIS to test, they reported that they\nwould like an easier way to get to the data that belongs to them.\nAlthough a MyData view had been attempted before, the code needed a\ngeneral refactor to make progress possible. Tom also reported that he\nhas been working on trying to speed up the listing of datafiles which\ntakes a long time for any more than 100 files.</p>\n<p><strong>TopCAT</strong> – Jody reported that version 2.3 of TopCAt is very close to\nbeing released. 2.3 will include a file uploader and also improvements\nto pluggability and documentation. Jody has also been developing a\nplugin in order to facilitate a single sign on option for ISIS. He has\nalso spent two days with Damien and Alex from the ESRF to introduce them\nto developing their own TopCAT plugins.</p>\n<p><strong>ICAT Dashboard</strong> – Tom Gowland reported that he has recently been\nhelping the ESRF team to redeploy Dashboard for their facility. The\nissues were initially solved by getting around the proxy at ESRF so that\nDashboard could communicate with the APIs that it needs. Tom also\nreported he had been working on adding more configurability to the\nDashboard such that users can change their default home page and default\ntime periods that data is shown for as well amongst other options. He is\nalso working on making the frequency with which Dashboard talks to ICAT\nconfigurable as well which is something the team at ESRF have suggested.</p>\n<p><strong>IJP</strong> – Alastair had sent in a report saying that what he has done\nwith the IJP has been on things that will enable the Octopus use of IJP\nrather than central IJP functionality. Enhancements include: emptying of\ncart when job is completed and improvements to the configure job\ndialog. Bug fixes include enabling the detection of jobs with status\nunknown, handling of orphaned jobs correctly , better failure messages\nfor submission failures and optional options for job provenance.</p>\n<p><strong>Review of ICAT Project website</strong> – Although unable to attend the\nmeeting, Andy had reported that he has started work on the review of the\nwebsite and hopes to distribute it at the start of next week.</p>\n<p>AOB &#x26; Issues from ICAT Production Deployments</p>\n<p><strong>Package Nomenclature</strong> – Rolf has sent a mail which outlines his\nproposal for defining a specific nomenclature for code packages. He\nsuggests that they should all be of the following initial structure:\norg.icatproject.site.&#x3C;FacilityName>. There was general agreement for\nthis proposal.</p>\n<p><strong>Config files on GitHub</strong> – Rolf reported that he had set up a GitHub\nrepository containing configuration files from different ICAT\ncomponents. He suggested that other facilities might find more examples\nuseful and Steve asked him to move the repository to the ICAT/contrib\nrepository for people to have a look and see if they find it useful.</p>\n<p><strong>File uploading query</strong> – Jianguo asked Jody whether the new file\nuploader would allow a user to upload a whole folder or just individual\nfiles. Jody replied that multiple files could be selected and added at\nonce but adding a folder itself would not\nwork.</p>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td><strong>Item</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Description</strong></td>\n<td><strong>Assigned</strong></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.1</td>\n<td>Send message to icatgroup explaining proposed modification to plugin interface for IDS locking</td>\n<td>Rolf</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 105 – 23 March 2017","date":"2017-03-23T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-105-23-march-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}