{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-29-26-january-2012/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h3>Actions 29</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.01</td>\n<td>Make the release of ICAT 4.0</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>Icat40Announcement<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/Icat40Announcement\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.02</td>\n<td>Email Shelly about possible visit to SNS</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.03</td>\n<td>Email all about the proposed arrangements for Grenoble on 20/Mar/12</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/wiki/WorkshopGrenoble2012\">WorkshopGrenoble2012</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.04</td>\n<td>Provide a note on the wiki about OIIMPH and ICAT</td>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.05</td>\n<td>Comment on Steve’s paper on ideas for ICAT</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.06</td>\n<td>Provide a copy of the report of Steve Crouch when available</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/wiki/SsiExecutiveSummary\">SsiExecutiveSummary</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.07</td>\n<td>Test ICAT 4.0 and provide feedback</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.08</td>\n<td>Create a wiki page for the ICAT 4.1 requirements</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>RequirementsIcat41<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/RequirementsIcat41\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.09</td>\n<td>Add requirements for ICAT 4.1 for discussion at the next meeting</td>\n<td>SW/TG/SR</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>RequirementsIcat41<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/RequirementsIcat41\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.10</td>\n<td>Put a note on the wiki about the use of the ICAT on the Internet</td>\n<td>HC/AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>Icat40Demonstrator<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/Icat40Demonstrator\">?</a></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.11</td>\n<td>Send note to Ghita about the use of ICAT admin for ICAT for DLS</td>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>29.12</td>\n<td>Follow up with George about this meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<p>We could not contact George for the meeting, but he send this report:</p>\n<p>1. The installation and testing will happen the following weeks as some\nkey persons were not available these days.</p>\n<p>2. The date for WP4\nPaNdata<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/PaNdata\">?</a> telco\nwill be announced next week.</p>\n<p>3. During the WP4 telco we will identify the ICAT responsible for most\nfacilities. (but I expect to be slow procedure as the WP has just\nstarted).</p>\n<h3>Attendance 29</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>Sri Nagella</td>\n<td>STFC eSc</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SW</td>\n<td>Shaun de Witt</td>\n<td>STFC eSc (EUDAT)</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>MP</td>\n<td>Milan Prica</td>\n<td>ELLETRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELLETRA</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Agenda 29</h3>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings of 12 January</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.0</li>\n<li>Road map for ICAT 4.1</li>\n<li>Collaboration agreement of\nPanData<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/PanData\">?</a> and\nICAT</li>\n<li>Meeting in Hamburg</li>\n<li>Review of ICAT Collaboration by Software Sustainability Institute</li>\n<li>AOB</li>\n</ul>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 29 – 26 January 2012","date":"2012-01-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2012-meetings/meeting-29-26-january-2012/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}