{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-87-23-july-2015/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 86 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>Waffle.io (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT (Steve) – <em>Should the import/export format also be\navailable in other formats such as XML, YAML and JSON.</em></li>\n<li>ICAT Manager</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>FUSE (Condie)</li>\n<li>Globus transfer (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Wayne)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R)</li>\n<li>Installation (Steve) and revised configured SSL cifers for\nGlassfish (Kevin)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Googlecode migration (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li>What to do with contrib</li>\n<li>Wiki – CSMD and old meeting reports</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Notes</h1>\n<p>Present: Steve, Tom , Wayne, Milan, Kevin P, Kevin M, Brian R, Alex,\nRolf and Jianguo Rao.</p>\n<p>Action 86.0: It has been decided that Alex is to continue development of\nFuse.</p>\n<p>Action 86.1: Tom met with the Diamond team to discuss the Globus\nproject. Future plans involve bringing the system on line for initial\nusage.</p>\n<p>Action 86.2: Notes and recording links from TopCAT V2 sprint review 4\nand 5 have been circulated.</p>\n<p>Action 86.3: Steve has spoken to Greg about the optimisation of their\nDatasets. Greg wishes for a list of the worst offending datasets so they\ncan be reviewed.</p>\n<p>Action 86.4: It has been decided that Alex will put the simple ICAT\nbrowser into contrib.</p>\n<p>Action 86.6: The team has explored Waffle.io. Continued usage was\nrecommended.</p>\n<p>General comments:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Steve discussed more about the general benefits of waffle.io and how\nit can be applied to the projects that currently use GitHub.</li>\n<li>On the 23rd of July Steve released ICAT and IDS 4.5.</li>\n<li>Steve mentioned about the future version of ICAT 4.6. The main focus\nof this update will be extra Lucene searches for TopCat V2. Much of\nthe work has been done.</li>\n<li>Rolf plans to release a new version of python ICAT within the next\nweek. He currently needs to test the new ICAT 4.5 before release.</li>\n<li>Frazer discussed how he is currently building Globus against the\nTopCat V2 API that Wayne has provided.</li>\n<li>Steve has solved several bugs to do with the Windows version of\nSmart client. Within the upcoming week Steve will have a Beta\nrelease for the Smart Client.</li>\n<li>Kevin P talked about how WebDav is moving a long. Currently having\nissues with special characters in files names. It is currently a\nvery time consuming issue.</li>\n<li>Wayne discussed how there have been two sprint reviews, 4 and 5,\nsince the last ICAT meeting. The 4th meeting was mainly on how items\nare selected and stored from the browsing area into a local area.\nThe 5th meeting focused on the back end logic. How items are saved\nto a database and how in the future Globus  will have access to the\ntables pulled up by the IDS.</li>\n<li>Brian mentioned that IJP has had a new version release with 3 new\ncomponents: IJP.Server, IJP.Unix Batch and IJP.demo. The development\nof IJP for CLF is still in the pipeline and going well. The issue\nwith dangling clients has been solved. The solution also terminates\ninactive sessions.</li>\n<li>Kevin discussed the issues we are currently having with the SSL\nciphers we use. RC4 is no longer secure and has been removed from\nthe open JDK. There has also been a new release of FireFox 39 which\nhas caused compatability issues with the diffie hellman cipher. This\nhas stopped certain users from accessing the ICAT installations\nwebsite.</li>\n<li>Possible replacements to RC4 were discussed including one of the AES\nciphers however issues with speed were brought up and the point\nrequires further research.</li>\n<li>The google code migration is nearly complete. There are a few more\nparts that need to be moved over including contrib. Different\nsolutions as to where put contrib were discussed. The favourite\noption was to push all of remaining code onto a github repository\nand then trim off any code that is not relevant any more.</li>\n<li>Steve has cleared up the ICAT wiki and has removed out of date\nsections.</li>\n</ul>\n<h1>Actions</h1>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>ITEM</td>\n<td>DESCRIPTION</td>\n<td>ASSIGNED</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.0</td>\n<td>Run DOI script for all recent releases.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.1</td>\n<td>Test installation on OS X</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.2</td>\n<td>Look into different symmetric encryption solutions.</td>\n<td>Everyone</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.3</td>\n<td>Move contrib from google code to a suitable replacement location.</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.4</td>\n<td>Collect a list of datasets that caused issues with ICAT from Diamond</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>87.5</td>\n<td>Give permission to Rolf to allow write access to ICAT repositry</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.2</td>\n<td>Add a list of current sponsors to the ICAT website</td>\n<td>Tom</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>85.3</td>\n<td>Migrate ICAT Manager to the ICAT project GitHub</td>\n<td>Christophe</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>81.0</td>\n<td>Report bug in eclipselink</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>74.0</td>\n<td>Look into JDBC connector resilience with Wildfly</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 87 – 23 July 2015","date":"2015-07-23T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2015-meetings/meeting-87-23-july-2015/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}