{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-18-3-march-2011/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Actions from ICAT collaboration telephone conference on 03 March 2011<br>\n18.1 – Alistair Mills – 3 March\n2011</p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>New</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment(2)</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>TG/AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.01</td>\n<td>Be aware that from 01/2012 ILL may have another ICAT dev</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Ok</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.02</td>\n<td>Inform Roger Downing about the CIC ingest performance</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.03</td>\n<td>Create a road map for TopCat<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/TopCat\">?</a> 1.1 or TopCat<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/TopCat\">?</a> 2</td>\n<td>SN</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.04</td>\n<td>Provide a paper on rule based authentication</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.05</td>\n<td>Update the road map for icat4 and put on GoogleCode<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/GoogleCode\">?</a> Wiki</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>18.06</td>\n<td>Update the workpackage description and put on GoogleCode<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/GoogleCode\">?</a></td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<p><strong>(1) Collaborators</strong></p>\n<p><strong>|| Apologies || + || +</strong></p>\n<p>|      |                          |           |         |  |\n| ---- | ------------------------ | --------- | ------- |  |\n| init | Name                     | Institute | Present |  |\n| TG   | Tom Griffin              | STFC ISIS | +      |  |\n| HG   | Holger Gebhard           | ILL       |         |  |\n| SF   | Steve Fisher             | STFC      |         |  |\n| AM   | Alistair Mills           | STFC      | +      |  |\n| GKM  | Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui | Diamond   |         |  |\n| SN   | Sri Nagella              | STFC      | +      |  |\n| RS   | Richard Sinclair         | STFC      |         |  |\n| RF   | Ron Fowler               | STFC      |         |  |\n| HC   | Harjinder Chahal         | STFC      | +      |  |\n| KP   | Kevin Phipps             | STFC      |         |  |</p>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 18 – 3 March 2011","date":"2011-03-03T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-18-3-march-2011/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}