{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-58-2-may-2013/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<ul>\n<li>Actions from the meetings 57 (SMF)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4.3 (SMF)</li>\n<li>Status of SV4 of Pandata (AM)</li>\n<li>Status of CCFE (AM)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<h3>Notes 58</h3>\n<p>The meeting discussed actions and updated the status of actions.</p>\n<p>SMF stated that a 4.2.5 version of ICAT would be released to fix a\nthread/memory leak related to the initialisation of log4j. He was\nreminded that there may be a problem with the frequency of access to the\nsequence table and that this might also go into 4.2.5.</p>\n<p>SMF stated that ICAT 4.3.0 would include the changes required by ISIS\nfor a more powerful query language supporting more complex authz rules.</p>\n<p>In AM’s absence GK reported on\nPaNdata<a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/w/edit/PaNdata\">?</a> SV4\nwhich will start next week and be based on “Big V”.</p>\n<p>AOB:</p>\n<p>SR reported that she was working with APS on a new pilot project</p>\n<p>SMF asked if there was any interest in a “File Authenticator”. There\nwasn’t so it will not happen. The question then arose can we find out\nwhat authenticators are present and what credentials they require.\nTopCAT can manage without but at the expense of having to configure a\nplugin correctly. A new requirement will be added.</p>\n<p>AW reported that there was good progress on Noris’s admin interface to\nTopCAT.</p>\n<p>It was reported that the Chinese Neutron Source have successfully\ndeployed an ICAT and TopCAT.</p>\n<p>Finally GKM reported that “Actors” had been added to\nDAWN.</p>\n<h3>Actions 58</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>57.02</td>\n<td>Prepare a distribution of a technology preview of the Download Manager</td>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>58.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting and update the actions</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>58.01</td>\n<td>Produce 4.2.5 release of ICAT</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>58.02</td>\n<td>Add a requirement to be able to discover what authenticators are present and what credentials they require.</td>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td><a href=\"https://code.google.com/p/icatproject/issues/detail?id=122\" title=\"Discover info about available authenticators\">Issue 122</a></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Attendance 58</h3>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SMF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>DG</td>\n<td>David Garcia</td>\n<td>Alba</td>\n<td></td>\n<td>+</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AW</td>\n<td>Antony Wilson</td>\n<td>STFC SCD</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GKM</td>\n<td>Ghita Kouadri Mostefaoui</td>\n<td>Diamond</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS Facility</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>NB</td>\n<td>Nicola Bessone</td>\n<td>ESRF</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>IC</td>\n<td>Idrissou Chado</td>\n<td>Soleil</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL SNS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>GK</td>\n<td>George Kourousias</td>\n<td>ELETTRA</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 58 – 2 May 2013","date":"2013-05-02T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2013-meetings/meeting-58-2-may-2013/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}