{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-111-26th-october-2017/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<h1>Agenda</h1>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 110 (Stuart)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve/Stuart)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve/Stuart)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li><del>SmartClient (Steve)</del></li>\n<li>IDAV (Jamie)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Brian)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R/Alastair)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Jamie)</li>\n<li>Multi-container support (Steve)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Website/Documentation (Stuart)</li>\n<li>Next F2F Meeting – Stuart</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Brian, Tom Griffin, Frazer, Kevin, Stuart, Andy, Alex, Maxime,\nRolf, Milan, Peter<br>\nApologies: Silvia, Steve</p>\n<p>Actions from previous:</p>\n<p><strong>102.2</strong> – Brian is still working on this!</p>\n<p><strong>110.1</strong> – The ICAT Manger download link has been fixed</p>\n<p>ICAT Components:</p>\n<p>Steve is continuing to handover the ICAT components to Stuart.</p>\n<p><strong>IDS –</strong> Rolf reports that he still has pull requests open on the IDS.\nStuart says he will look at them with Steve.</p>\n<p><strong>Topcat-</strong> Brian reminds everyone to skip Topcat 2.3.4 as the file is\ncorrupt. Brian reports a few of the new features/issues he’s currently\nworking on: an info button on rows to toggle the meta tabs, a loading\npage on start-up and fixing the download count when using multiple\nfacilities. Rolf asks Brian to look at the issue he posted to the group\nregarding passing ids and ICAT URLs to the RESTful API.</p>\n<p><strong>Installation</strong> <strong>and website</strong> – Tutorial to be tested by Maxime,\nStuart welcomes any feedback.</p>\n<p>F2F</p>\n<p>Stuart reminds everyone that registration is still open. Stuart is asked\nto send round an outline of the agenda so people know what time to book\nflights for. It’s suggested to prepare as much as possible for the\ndocument sprint to make the most efficient use of the time available.\nIt’s also suggested to discuss the use of DOI’s at the F2F.</p>\n<p>AOB</p>\n<p>Stuart reports he has an apprentice who’s working on converting the ICAT\ninstall instructions to Ansible. This can be used in continuous\nintegration to test the ICAT components. In the future could be\npotentially used for Selenium testing.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>102.2</td>\n<td>Produce new releases of IJP components</td>\n<td>Brian Ritchie</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>111.1</td>\n<td>Look at Rolf’s IDS pull request</td>\n<td>Stuart and Steve</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>111.2</td>\n<td>Send outline of agenda for F2F</td>\n<td>Stuart</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 111 – 26th October 2017","date":"2017-10-26T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2017-meetings/meeting-111-26th-october-2017/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}