{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-25-3-november-2011/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Agenda for ICAT collaboration telephone conference on 3 November 2011</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions since the meeting on 22 September</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT 4 (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Representation of time (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of port to MySQL (Alistair)</li>\n<li>Resources available in 2012 (All)</li>\n<li>Progress on evaluation of ICAT4 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Possibility of adding a .props file for configuration</li>\n<li>Brief thoughts on adding notification</li>\n<li>BMT rather than CMT (Steve)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT work at ILL (J-F)</li>\n<li>Status of ICAT work at ORNL (SR)</li>\n</ul>\n<p> </p>\n<h3>Actions 25</h3>\n<p>Actions from ICAT collaboration telephone conference on 3 November\n2011<br>\n25.1 – Alistair Mills – 3 November\n2011</p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Res**(1)**</td>\n<td>Status</td>\n<td>Comment</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.00</td>\n<td>Document the meeting</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.01</td>\n<td>Follow up on actions 24.04 and 24.06</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.02</td>\n<td>Follow up on action 24.03 (Use of Maven for building ICAT4)</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.03</td>\n<td>Attempt to do ICAT 3 to ICAT 4 upgrade using an ISIS testbed</td>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.04</td>\n<td>Attempt to do ICAT 3 to ICAT 4 upgrade using an ILL testbed</td>\n<td>J-F</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.05</td>\n<td>Discuss the GF 3.1.1 problem</td>\n<td>AM/SR</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.06</td>\n<td>Investigate ways to represent time to suit the data</td>\n<td>SF/RS</td>\n<td>.</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.07</td>\n<td>Add a properties file to ICAT4</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.08</td>\n<td>Experiment with Bean Managed Transactions for ICAT 4.1</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.09</td>\n<td>Send comments on the changes to the ICAT API to Steve</td>\n<td>All</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.10</td>\n<td>Provide a document about notification</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.11</td>\n<td>Add fields for STARTTIME and ENDTIME to DATASET for ICAT 4.0</td>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.12</td>\n<td>Defer further implementation of MySQL with ICAT until ICAT 4.1</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.13</td>\n<td>Follow up with Shelly on ORNL requirements</td>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.14</td>\n<td>Investigate hosting a collaboration meeting at ILL in 1Q2012</td>\n<td>J-F</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>25.15</td>\n<td>Schedule next collaboration meeting for 17 November 2011</td>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Done</td>\n<td>–</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>\n<p> </p>\n<p><strong>(1) Collaborators</strong></p>\n<p> </p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>init</td>\n<td>Name</td>\n<td>Institute</td>\n<td>Present</td>\n<td>Apologies</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>TG</td>\n<td>Tom Griffin</td>\n<td>STFC ISIS</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SF</td>\n<td>Steve Fisher</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>AM</td>\n<td>Alistair Mills</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>HC</td>\n<td>Harjinder Chahal</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>KP</td>\n<td>Kevin Phipps</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>SR</td>\n<td>Shelly Ren</td>\n<td>ORNL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>J-F</td>\n<td>Jean-Francois</td>\n<td>ILL</td>\n<td>+</td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>RS</td>\n<td>Richard Sinclair</td>\n<td>STFC</td>\n<td></td>\n<td></td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 25 – 3 November 2011","date":"2011-11-03T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2011-meetings/meeting-25-3-november-2011/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}