{"componentChunkName":"component---src-templates-default-jsx","path":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-100-25-august-2016/","result":{"data":{"markdownRemark":{"html":"<p>Agenda:</p>\n<ul>\n<li>Actions from meeting 99 (Steve)</li>\n<li>Component development\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT (Steve)</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager (Alex)</li>\n<li>Python-icat (Rolf)</li>\n<li>IDS (Steve)\n<ul>\n<li><del>FUSE</del></li>\n<li>PollCat (Frazer)</li>\n<li>SmartClient (Steve)</li>\n<li>WebDAV (Tom Gowland)</li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>TopCAT (Jody)</li>\n<li>IJP (Brian R &#x26; Becky)</li>\n<li>ICAT Dashboard (Tom Gowland)</li>\n<li><del>Multi-container support (Steve)</del></li>\n<li><del>Installation (Steve)</del></li>\n</ul>\n</li>\n<li>Face to Face meeting for 2016 and NOBUGS (Steve)</li>\n<li>Issues from ICAT production deployments (Any)</li>\n<li>AOB (Any)</li>\n</ul>\n<p>Present: Brian R, Tom Griffin, Becky, Steve, Jeremy, Frazer, Sylvie,\nAndy, Peter, Alex and Tom Gowland</p>\n<p>Apologies: Rolf and Jianguo</p>\n<p>Action 98.1: Tom Griffin has now been removed from the action to\n“Publish state for STFC production deployments” leaving Kevin\nassigned.</p>\n<p>Action 99.0: Tom Gowland has produced a draft of the screencast for\nTopCAT. He has received very useful feedback and will be producing a new\ndraft shortly.</p>\n<ul>\n<li>ICAT: Steve reported on the issue surrounding duplicate datafile\nlocations. Rolf wrote in the ICAT group that because if the IDS has\nhash function protection of the location field then datafiles can’t\nbe cloned. To circumvent this problem requires that ICAT and the IDS\nmust communicate somehow.  Andy asked which facility requires\nduplicate datafiles and why. Steve replied that it is Octopus that\nrequire the duplication and DLS already have a huge number. Steve\nalso reported that he is working on a Restful API client in Python.\nDue to the synergy between python and JSON, this is working well.\nSteve has also been working on the general documentation around\nICAT.</li>\n<li>ICAT Manager: Andy reported that there was nothing planned yet\nregarding the issues in GitHub and suggested that perhaps it should\nbe something to be talked about at the face to face meeting in\nOctober.</li>\n<li>IDS: Steve reported that he wants to allow to manage multiple files\nwith the same physical location for both downloaded and deletion.</li>\n<li>PollCAT: Frazer reported that there has been more development on\nstaging to SCARF. Shirley has been writing the code for this but it\nstill needs testing.</li>\n<li>SmartClient: Steve reported that Jody has been integrating\nSmartClient into TopCAT and wasn’t happy about the user having to\naccept a self-signed certificate. Steve has now set the server of\nthe SmartClient to run on http as the only requests will come from\nlocalhost.</li>\n<li>WebDAV: Tom Gowland reported that he has been working on the WebDAV\nsystem to allow it to be more dynamic. WebDAV now works for the ISIS\nfacility (and hierarchy) and he is planning to allow it to be more\nconfigurable such that it can work for any facility after setting\nvalues in configuration files.</li>\n<li>TopCAT: Steve reported on behalf of Jody. TopCAT is now pluggable\nmeaning that the backend can be implemented in any language or\nframework. Jody is also working with Frazer on a TopCAT plugin that\nallows for remote analysis of data with ICAT. The DOI generation has\nbee separated out into another plugin. Becky also reported that she\nhad been working on external filters meaning that you can now have\nfilters other than the ones at the top of each grid. Andy thought\nthat TopCAT seemed to be running slowly when trying to calculate the\nsize of many datafiles and that when the page was refreshed it tried\nto calculate these sizes again. Tom Griffin reported that the issue\nhad been fixed in TopCAT 2.1 and Andy confirmed he was using version\n2.0.</li>\n<li>IJP: Becky reported that she has re-implemented the IJP GUI as a\nplugin for TopCAT. This is due to be released at the same time as\nthe next version of TopCAT. Brian reported that he had been making\nminor changes to the backend including refreshing job types at\nregular intervals (a requirement from Octopus) and also adding\nmiredot document generation to the server.</li>\n<li>Dashboard: Tom reported that he is working on building and deploying\nthe Dashboard as well as being able to configure it properly in\npreparation for the demonstration at the face to face meeting.</li>\n<li>Face to face meeting: Steve reported that he has uploaded the agenda\nfor the meeting and has updated it to give Rolf a slot to present\nIngestion with Python-ICAT. He has also removed Rolf from the IDS\ntalk and Steve may be talking about this in his stead. The steering\ngroup meeting time has been set to 17:30 and will take place at the\nAvenue Hotel. Steve also welcomed any proposals for site reports.\nAndy also reported that he had uploaded an agenda for the steering\ngroup meeting and welcomes any feedback people</li>\n</ul>\n<p>have.</p>\n<table>\n<thead>\n<tr>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n<th></th>\n</tr>\n</thead>\n<tbody>\n<tr>\n<td>Item</td>\n<td>Description</td>\n<td>Assigned</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>98.1</td>\n<td>Publish state for STFC production deployments</td>\n<td>Kevin</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>99.0</td>\n<td>Produce a screencast for the TopCAT demo</td>\n<td>Tom Gowland</td>\n</tr>\n<tr>\n<td>100.0</td>\n<td>Submit a bug for adding the upgrade path for TopCAT JSON</td>\n<td>Steve</td>\n</tr>\n</tbody>\n</table>","frontmatter":{"title":"Meeting 100 – 25 August 2016","date":"2016-08-25T00:00:00.000Z"}}},"pageContext":{"slug":"/collaboration/communication/monthly-meetings/2016-meetings/meeting-100-25-august-2016/"}},"staticQueryHashes":["2186722355","3212510956","3248290905","3649515864","4121107168"],"slicesMap":{}}